"I do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I will faithfully execute the Office of
(except on a question of Adjournment) House of Representatives may be necessary
(not exceeding ten Miles square) as may, by Cession of particular States, and
(or affirm) that I will faithfully execute the Office of "I do solemnly swear
(Sundays any Bill shall not be returned by the President within ten Days
(when the Legislature Application of the Legislature, or of the Executive
- William Few, Abraham Baldwin Georgia
- John Rutledge, Charles Cotesworth Pinckney, Charles Pinckney, South Carolina
- William Blount, Richard Dobbs Spaight, Hugh Williamson North Carolina
- John Blair, James Madison Jr. Virginia
- James McHenry, Daniel of St Thomas Jenifer, Daniel Carroll Maryland
- George Read, Gunning Bedford Jr., John Dickinson, Richard Bassett, Delaware
- Benjamin Franklin, Thomas Mifflin, Robert Morris, George Clymer, Pennsylvania
- William Livingston, David Brearley, William Paterson, Jonathan New Jersey
- Alexander Hamilton New York
- William Samuel Johnson, Roger Sherman Connecticut
- Nathaniel Gorham, Rufus King Massachusetts
- John Langdon, Nicholas Gilman New Hampshire
- President and deputy from Virginia George Washington
1 and 2 shall take effect on the 15th day of October following the 5. Sections
1 Amendment
1 Section
1 Section
1 Section
1 Section
1. The right of citizens of the United States, who are eighteen years of age or
1. In case of the removal of the President from office or of his death or
1. The right of citizens of the United States to vote in any primary or other
1. The District constituting the seat of Government of the United States shall
1. No person shall be elected to the office of the President more than twice,
1. The eighteenth article of amendment to the Constitution of the United States
1. The terms of the President and Vice President shall end at noon on the 20th
1. After one year from the ratification of this article the manufacture, sale,
1. The right of citizens of the United States to vote shall not be denied or
1. All persons born or naturalized in the United States, and subject to the
1. Neither slavery nor involuntary servitude, except as a punishment for crime
1. Article
10 Amendment
10 Section
11 Amendment
12 Amendment
13 Amendment
14 Amendment
15 Amendment
15th day of October following the 5. Sections 1 and 2 shall take effect on the
16 Amendment
17 Amendment
18 Amendment
19 Amendment
2 shall take effect on the 15th day of October following the 5. Sections 1 and
2 Amendment
2 Section
2 Section
2 Section
2 Section
2. The Congress shall have power to enforce this article by appropriate
2. Whenever there is a vacancy in the office of the Vice President, the
2. The Congress shall have power to enforce this article by appropriate
2. The Congress shall have power to enforce this article by appropriate
2. This article shall be inoperative unless it shall have been ratified as an
2. The transportation or importation into any State, Territory, or possession
2. The Congress shall assemble at least once in every year, and such meeting
2. The Congress and the several States shall have concurrent power to enforce
2. The Congress shall have power to enforce this article by appropriate
2. Representatives shall be apportioned among the several States according to
2. Congress shall have power to enforce this article by appropriate
2. Article
20 Amendment
20th 1. The terms of the President and Vice President shall end at noon on the
21 Amendment
22 Amendment
23 Amendment
24 Amendment
25 Amendment
26 Amendment
27 Amendment
3 Amendment
3 Section
3 Section
3 Section
3 Section
3. Whenever the President transmits to the President pro tempore of the Senate
3. The article shall be inoperative unless it shall have been ratified as an
3. If, at the time fixed for the beginning of the term of the President, the
3. This article shall be inoperative unless it shall have been ratified as an
3. No person shall be a Senator or Representative in Congress, or elector of
3. Article
3d day of January, unless they shall by law appoint shall begin at noon on the
3d day of January, and the terms of Senators and Representatives at noon on the
4 Amendment
4 Section
4 Section
4 Section
4. Whenever the Vice President and a majority of either the principal officers
4. The Congress may by law provide for the case of the death of any of the
4. The validity of the public debt of the United States, authorized by law,
4. Article
5 Amendment
5 Section
5. Sections 1 and 2 shall take effect on the 15th day of October following the
5. The Congress shall have power to enforce, by appropriate legislation, the
5. Article
6 Amendment
6 Section
6. This article shall be inoperative unless it shall have been ratified as an
6. Article
7 Amendment
7 Section
7. Article
8 Amendment
8 Section
9 Amendment
9 Section
a majority of either the principal officers of unless the Vice President and
a majority of either the principal officers 4. Whenever the Vice President and
a written declaration to the contrary, such powers and duties transmits to them
a majority vote of both Houses of Congress. confirmation by
a Vice President who shall take office upon President shall nominate
a vacancy in the office of the Vice President, the 2. Whenever there is
a State; and they shall meet in the District and perform such appointed by
a State, but in no event more than the least populous State; they shall be in
A number of electors of appoint in such manner as the Congress may direct:
a term to which some other person was elected President more than two years of
a Vice President death of any of the persons from whom the Senate may choose
a President whenever persons from whom the House of Representatives may choose
a President act shall be selected, and such person shall act accordingly until
a Vice President elect shall have qualified, neither a President elect nor
a President elect nor a Vice President elect shall have qualified, neither
a President qualify, then the Vice President elect shall act as President until
a President shall not have been chosen before the time fixed for President. If
a different day.
a vote of two-thirds of each House, remove enemies thereof. But Congress may by
a member of member of Congress, or as an officer of the United States, or as
a United States, or under any State, who, having previously taken an oath, as
a Senator or Representative in Congress, or elector of 3. No person shall be
a State, or Representatives in Congress, the Executive and Judicial officers of
a punishment for crime 1. Neither slavery nor involuntary servitude, except as
a choice. But no person majority of the whole number shall be necessary to
a purpose shall consist of two-thirds of the whole number of Senators, and
a quorum for the on the list, the Senate shall choose the Vice-President;
a majority, then from the two highest numbers appointed, and if no person have
a majority of the whole number of Electors Vice-President, if such number be
a President whenever the right of choice of Representatives shall not choose
a choice. And if the House a majority of all the states shall be necessary to
a majority of all the states shall be necessary to a choice. And if the House
a member or members from two-thirds of the states, and purpose shall consist of
a quorum for this states, the representation from each state having one vote;
a majority of the whole number of Electors President, if such number be
a dollars, the right of trial by jury shall be preserved, and no fact tried by
a speedy and In all criminal prosecutions, the accused shall enjoy the right to
a witness against himself, nor be deprived of life, criminal case to be
a Grand Jury, except in cases arising unless on a presentment or indictment of
a presentment or indictment of a Grand Jury, except in cases arising unless on
a capital, or otherwise infamous crime, No person shall be held to answer for
a manner to be prescribed by consent of the Owner, nor in time of war, but in
a free State, the A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of
A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the
a redress of grievances. the Government for
a Qualification to any Office or public Trust under the United required as
a Convention for Legislatures of two thirds of the several States, shall call
a Republican The United States shall guarantee to every State in this Union
A Person charged in any State with Treason, Felony, or other Crime, who shall
a State shall be Party, the supreme Court shall have original those in which
a same State claiming Lands under Grants of different States, and between
a State and Citizens of Controversies between two or more States; between
a Party; to Jurisdiction; to Controversies to which the United States shall be
a Compensation which shall not be diminished during their their Services
a Compensation, The President shall, at stated Times, receive for his Services,
a President shall be elected. removed, or
a have attained to the Age of thirty-five Years, and been fourteen Years
a Citizen of the United States, at No person except a natural born Citizen, or
a natural born Citizen, or a Citizen of the United States, at No person except
a Choice. In States, and a Majority of all the States shall be necessary to
a Majority of all the States shall be necessary to a Choice. In States, and
a Member or Members from two-thirds of the for this Purpose shall consist of
a quorum taken by States, the Representation from each State having one Vote;
a immediately choose by Ballot one of them for President; and if no Person have
a Majority of the whole Number of shall be the President, if such Number be
a List of all the Persons voted for, and with themselves. And they shall make
a Number of Electors, equal to the whole Number of Senators and Representatives
a President of the United States of The executive Power shall be vested in
a foreign Power, or engage in War, unless actually with another State, or with
a Tender in Payment of Debts; pass any Bill of Attainder, gold and silver Coin
a regular Statement and Account of the Receipts and made by Law; and
a tax or duty may be imposed the Year one thousand eight hundred and eight, but
a Navy; To provide and maintain
a longer Term than two Years; for
a Bill. to the Rules and Limitations prescribed in the Case of
a question of Adjournment) House of Representatives may be necessary (except on
a Law. prevent its Return, in which Case it shall not be
a Law, excepted) after it shall have been presented to him, the Same shall be
a Law. But in all such Cases the Votes of both Houses shall be shall become
a Law, be presented to the President of the United shall, before it become
a Member of either House during his Continuance in Office. shall be
a Compensation for their The Senators and Representatives shall receive
a Journal of its Proceedings, and from time to time Each House shall keep
a Member. disorderly Behavior, and, with the Concurrence of two-thirds, expel
a smaller number may adjourn from day to day, and may be Business; but
a Quorum to do its own Members, and a Majority of each shall constitute
a Majority of each shall constitute a Quorum to do its own Members, and
a be on the first Monday in December, unless they shall by Law appoint
a President pro tempore, The Senate shall choose their other Officers, and also
a Citizen of the United States, and who shall not, Years, and been nine Years
a Senator who shall not have attained to the Age of thirty No person shall be
a Term of Years, and excluding Indians not including those bound to Service for
a Citizen of the United States, and who twenty five Years, and been seven Years
a Representative who shall not have attained to the Age of No Person shall be
a Senate and House of Representatives. United States, which shall consist of
a Congress of the All legislative Powers herein granted shall be vested in
a more perfect Union, We the People of the United States, in Order to form
Ability, preserve, President of the United States, and will to the best of my
Abraham Baldwin Georgia - William Few,
abridge wherein they reside. No State shall make or enforce any law which shall
abridged by the United States or by any older, to vote shall not be denied or
abridged by the United States or any State by reason of failure to denied or
abridged by the United States or by any State on account of sex.
abridged by the United States or by any State on account of race, color, or
abridged, except for participation in rebellion, United States, or in any way
abridging the freedom of speech, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or
absence of the Vice President, or when he shall exercise the Office of in the
absent Members, in such Manner, and authorized to compel the Attendance of
absolutely necessary for executing on Imports or Exports, except what may be
accept of any present, Emolument, Office, or Title, of any kind the Congress,
acceptance of Congress, become the Seat of the Government of the United the
according to 2. Representatives shall be apportioned among the several States
according to the rules of the common law.
according to the discipline and the Authority of training the Militia
according be repassed by two thirds of the Senate and House of Representatives,
according to liable and subject to Indictment, Trial, Judgment and Punishment,
according to their respective Numbers, which may be included within this Union,
accordingly until a President act shall be selected, and such person shall act
accordingly, until the Disability be President, and such Officer shall act
account of age. State on
account of sex. abridged by the United States or by any State on
account of race, color, or abridged by the United States or by any State on
Account of the Receipts and made by Law; and a regular Statement and
accusation; to be confronted with the witnesses against him; to have compulsory
accused shall enjoy the right to a speedy and In all criminal prosecutions, the
act accordingly until a President act shall be selected, and such person shall
act shall be selected, and such person shall act accordingly until a President
act as President, or the manner in which one who is to declaring who shall then
act as President until a President qualify, then the Vice President elect shall
act as President, as in the case of the death or other the Vice-President shall
act accordingly, until the Disability be President, and such Officer shall
act as the President and Vice President, declaring what Officer shall then
Act, or on Confession in open Court. same overt
acted as President, for and no person who has held the office of President, or
Acting President; otherwise, the President shall resume the powers the same as
Acting shall immediately assume the powers and duties of the office as
Acting President. shall be discharged by the Vice President as
acting as President during the remainder of such term. President or
acting as President, during the term be holding the office of President, or
Acts, Records and Proceedings shall be Laws prescribe the Manner in which such
Acts, Records, Full Faith and Credit shall be given in each State to the public
actual service in time in the land or naval forces, or in the Militia, when in
actual States, and of the Militia of the several States, when called into the
actual Enumeration shall be made within three Years after the first Meeting The
actually with another State, or with a foreign Power, or engage in War, unless
adding to the whole Number of free Persons, which shall be determined by
addition to those appointed by the States, but they shall be considered, for
adhering to their Enemies, giving them Aid and Comfort. No Person them, or in
adjourn them to such Time as he Respect to the Time of Adjournment, he may
adjourn for more than three days, nor to any other Place than that the other,
adjourn from day to day, and may be Business; but a smaller number may
Adjournment in like Manner as if he had signed it, unless the Congress by their
Adjournment) House of Representatives may be necessary (except on a question of
Adjournment, he may adjourn them to such Time as he Respect to the Time of
admiralty and maritime public Ministers and Consuls; to all Cases of
admit of delay. invaded, or in such imminent Danger as will not
admit, shall not be prohibited by the Congress prior to shall think proper to
admitted by the Congress into this Union; but no new States New States may be
Adoption of this All Debts contracted and Engagements entered into, before the
Adoption of this Constitution, shall be eligible to the Office the time of the
Advice and Consent of the Senate, shall appoint nominate, and by and with the
Advice and Consent of the Senate, to make He shall have Power, by and with the
affect the election or term of This amendment shall not be so construed as to
affect the first and thousand eight hundred and eight shall in any Manner
affecting Ambassadors, other public Ministers and Consuls, and In all Cases
affecting Ambassadors, other shall be made, under their Authority; to all Cases
affirm) that I will faithfully execute the Office of "I do solemnly swear (or
affirmation, and particularly describing the place to be searched, and the
Affirmation, to support this Constitution; but no religious Test shall ever be
Affirmation. When the President of the that Purpose, they shall be on Oath or
Affirmation: Oath or
after Congress is required to assemble, determines by within twenty one days
after purpose if not in session. If the Congress, within twenty one days
After one year from the ratification of this article the manufacture, sale, 1.
after the Choice of the President, the Person having the greatest every Case,
after it shall have been presented to him, the Same shall be a Law, excepted)
after Objections at large on their Journal, and proceed to reconsider it. If
after they shall be assembled in Consequence of the first Election, Immediately
after the first Meeting The actual Enumeration shall be made within three Years
against the United States, or any claim for in aid of insurrection or rebellion
against the same, or given aid or comfort to the insurrection or rebellion
against one of the United States suit in law or equity, commenced or prosecuted
against him; to have compulsory accusation; to be confronted with the witnesses
against himself, nor be deprived of life, criminal case to be a witness
against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not be violated, and effects,
against the United States under this Constitution, shall be as valid
against domestic Violence. cannot be convened)
against Invasion; and on Form of Government, and shall protect each of them
against Treason against the United States, shall consist only in levying War
against the United States, shall consist only in levying War against Treason
against the United States, except in Grant Reprieves and Pardons for Offenses
against the Law of Nations; Offenses
against the Bill shall be entered on the Journal of each House respectively. If
age or 1. The right of citizens of the United States, who are eighteen years of
age in such State. number of male citizens twenty-one years of
Age of thirty-five Years, and been fourteen Years a have attained to the
Age of thirty No person shall be a Senator who shall not have attained to the
Age of No Person shall be a Representative who shall not have attained to the
age, and citizens of the inhabitants of such State, being twenty-one years of
age. State on account of
agree to pass the Bill, it such Reconsideration two thirds of that House shall
Agreement or Compact Troops, or Ships of War in time of Peace, enter into any
aid of insurrection or rebellion against the United States, or any claim for in
aid or comfort to the insurrection or rebellion against the same, or given
Aid and Comfort. No Person them, or in adhering to their Enemies, giving them
Alexander Hamilton New York -
all territory subject to or the exportation thereof from the United States and
all such debts, obligations and the loss or emancipation of any slave; but
All persons born or naturalized in the United States, and subject to the 1.
all the states shall be necessary to a choice. And if the House a majority of
all the certificates and the votes shall then be counted; Representatives, open
all persons voted for as Vice-President and of the number of President, and of
all persons voted for as Vice-President, and they shall make distinct lists of
all criminal prosecutions, the accused shall enjoy the right to a speedy and In
all executive and judicial Officers, both of several State Legislatures, and
all Treaties made, or which shall be made, under the Pursuance thereof; and
All Debts contracted and Engagements entered into, before the Adoption of this
all Intents and proposing Amendments, which, in either Case, shall be valid to
all needful Rules and The Congress shall have Power to dispose of and make
all Privileges and Immunities The Citizens of each State shall be entitled to
all Crimes, except in Cases of Impeachment, shall be by Jury; and The Trial of
all the other Cases before mentioned, the supreme Court shall Jurisdiction. In
all Cases affecting Ambassadors, other public Ministers and Consuls, and In
all Cases of admiralty and maritime public Ministers and Consuls; to
all Cases affecting Ambassadors, other shall be made, under their Authority; to
all Cases, in Law and Equity, arising under The judicial Power shall extend to
all civil Officers of the United States, The President, Vice President and
all shall take Care that the Laws be faithfully executed, and shall Commission
all Vacancies that may happen during The President shall have Power to fill up
all other Officers of the United States, whose Appointments are not herein and
all the States shall be necessary to a Choice. In States, and a Majority of
all the Certificates, and the of the Senate and House of Representatives, open
all the Persons voted for, and with themselves. And they shall make a List of
all such Laws shall be subject to the Revision and Control United States; and
all Duties and Imposts, laid by its inspection Laws: and the net Produce of
all public Money shall be published from time to time. Expenditures of
all other Powers vested by this Execution the foregoing Powers, and
all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into To make
all Places purchased by the Consent States, and to exercise like Authority over
all Cases whatsoever, over such District To exercise exclusive Legislation in
all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be Welfare of the United States; but
all such Cases the Votes of both Houses shall be shall become a Law. But in
All bills for raising Revenue shall originate in the House of Representatives;
all Cases, except Treason, Felony and Breach of the States. They shall in
all Impeachments. When sitting for The Senate shall have the sole Power to try
all other Persons. taxed, three fifths of
All legislative Powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the
Alliance, or Confederation; grant Letters No State shall enter into any Treaty,
alone, in the Courts of Law, or in the Heads of proper, in the President
also a President pro tempore, The Senate shall choose their other Officers, and
alter such Regulations, except but the Congress may at any time by Law make or
Ambassadors and other public Ministers; he shall think proper; he shall receive
Ambassadors, other public Ministers and Consuls, and In all Cases affecting
Ambassadors, other shall be made, under their Authority; to all Cases affecting
Ambassadors, other public Ministers and Consuls, Judges of the supreme Court,
Amendment 27
Amendment 26
Amendment 25
Amendment 24
Amendment 23
amendment to the Constitution by the legislatures of three-fourths of the
Amendment 22
amendment to the Constitution by conventions in the several States, as provided
amendment to the Constitution of the United States 1. The eighteenth article of
Amendment 21
amendment to the Constitution by the legislatures of three-fourths of the
Amendment 20
Amendment 19
amendment to the Constitution by the legislatures of the several States, as
Amendment 18
amendment shall not be so construed as to affect the election or term of This
Amendment 17
Amendment 16
Amendment 15
Amendment 14
Amendment 13
Amendment 12
Amendment 11
Amendment 10
Amendment 9
Amendment 8
Amendment 7
Amendment 6
Amendment 5
Amendment 4
Amendment 3
Amendment 2
Amendment 1
Amendment which may be made prior to the Year One Congress; Provided that no
amendment. duties as provided by the twelfth article of
Amendments to this Constitution, or, on the Application of the propose
Amendments as on other Bills. but the Senate may propose or concur with
Amendments, which, in either Case, shall be valid to all Intents and proposing
America the and Eighty seven and of the Independence of the United States of
America. He shall hold his Office during the Term of four Years, and, together
America. United States of
among the several States, and whatever source derived, without apportionment
among the several States according to 2. Representatives shall be apportioned
among the several States, and To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and
among the several States Representatives and direct Taxes shall be apportioned
an election of Representatives shall Representatives, shall take effect, until
an 2. This article shall be inoperative unless it shall have been ratified as
an 3. The article shall be inoperative unless it shall have been ratified as
an 6. This article shall be inoperative unless it shall have been ratified as
an 3. This article shall be inoperative unless it shall have been ratified as
an executive or judicial officer of any State, to any State legislature, or as
an officer of the United States, or as a member of member of Congress, or as
an oath, as a United States, or under any State, who, having previously taken
an inhabitant President and Vice-President, one of whom, at least, shall not be
an impartial jury of the State and district wherein the crime public trial, by
an establishment of religion, or Congress shall make no law respecting
an equal Number of Votes, then the House of Representatives shall have
an Inhabitant of the same State persons, of whom one at least shall not lie
an Elector. States, shall be appointed
an Office of Trust or Profit under the United Representative, or Person holding
an uniform Rule of Naturalization, and uniform Laws on the subject To establish
an Inhabitant of that State for which he shall be chosen. when elected, be
an Inhabitant of that State in which he shall be shall not, when elected, be
and No law, varying the compensation for the services of the Senators
and duties of his office.
and duties of his office, the Vice President shall continue to discharge powers
and duties of his office. Thereupon President is unable to discharge the powers
and the transmit within four days to the President pro tempore of the Senate
and a majority of either the principal officers of unless the Vice President
and duties of his office that no inability exists, he shall resume the powers
and the Speaker of the House of Representatives his written declaration Senate
and duties of the office as Acting shall immediately assume the powers
and duties of his office, the Vice President unable to discharge the powers
and the Speaker of provide, transmit to the President pro tempore of the Senate
and a majority of either the principal officers 4. Whenever the Vice President
and duties transmits to them a written declaration to the contrary, such powers
and until he is unable to discharge the powers and duties of his office,
and duties of his office, and until he is unable to discharge the powers
and the Speaker of the House of Representatives his written declaration that he
and perform such appointed by a State; and they shall meet in the District
and they shall meet in the District and perform such appointed by a State;
and Vice President, to be electors the purposes of the election of President
and President and Vice President equal to the whole number of Senators
and Vice President equal to the whole number of Senators and President
and shall not prevent any person who may Article was proposed by the Congress,
and no person who has held the office of President, or acted as President, for
and 2 shall take effect on the 15th day of October following the 5. Sections 1
and for the case of the the right of choice shall have devolved upon them,
and such person shall act accordingly until a President act shall be selected,
and the Congress may by law provide for the case wherein shall have qualified;
and such meeting 2. The Congress shall assemble at least once in every year,
and the terms of their successors shall then article had not been ratified;
and Representatives at noon on the 3d day of January, and the terms of Senators
and the terms of Senators and Representatives at noon on the 3d day of January,
and Vice President shall end at noon on the 20th 1. The terms of the President
and the several States shall have concurrent power to enforce 2. The Congress
and all territory subject to or the exportation thereof from the United States
and each Senator shall State, elected by the people thereof, for six years;
and whatever source derived, without apportionment among the several States,
and collect taxes on incomes, from The Congress shall have power to lay
and void. claims shall be held illegal
and the loss or emancipation of any slave; but all such debts, obligations
and bounties for services in including debts incurred for payment of pensions
and Vice-President, or hold any office, civil or military, under the President
and citizens of the inhabitants of such State, being twenty-one years of age,
and Judicial officers of a State, or Representatives in Congress, the Executive
and Vice-President of the United States, choice of electors for President
and of the State jurisdiction thereof, are citizens of the United States
and subject to the 1. All persons born or naturalized in the United States,
and a purpose shall consist of two-thirds of the whole number of Senators,
and if no person have a majority, then from the two highest numbers appointed,
And if the House a majority of all the states shall be necessary to a choice.
and purpose shall consist of a member or members from two-thirds of the states,
and if no person have such majority, then from the persons having appointed;
and the votes shall then be counted; Representatives, open all the certificates
and House of The President of the Senate shall, in the presence of the Senate
and transmit sealed to votes for each, which lists they shall sign and certify,
and certify, and transmit sealed to votes for each, which lists they shall sign
and of the number of President, and of all persons voted for as Vice-President
and of all persons voted for as Vice-President and of the number of President,
and they shall make distinct lists of all persons voted for as Vice-President,
and in distinct ballots the person voted for as voted for as President,
and Vice-President, one of whom, at least, shall not be an inhabitant President
and vote by ballot for The Electors shall meet in their respective states,
and unusual punishments inflicted.
and no fact tried by a dollars, the right of trial by jury shall be preserved,
and to have the Assistance of process for obtaining witnesses in his favor,
and cause of the ascertained by law, and to be informed of the nature
and to be informed of the nature and cause of the ascertained by law,
and district wherein the crime public trial, by an impartial jury of the State
and In all criminal prosecutions, the accused shall enjoy the right to a speedy
and the affirmation, and particularly describing the place to be searched,
and particularly describing the place to be searched, and the affirmation,
and effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not be violated,
and seizures, shall not be violated, and effects, against unreasonable searches
and The right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers,
and bear Arms, shall not be infringed. right of the people to keep
and to petition of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble,
and deputy from Virginia George Washington - President
and of the Independence of the United States of America the and Eighty seven
and Eighty seven and of the Independence of the United States of America the
and of the several States, shall be bound by Oath or the United States
and judicial Officers, both of several State Legislatures, and all executive
and all executive and judicial Officers, both of several State Legislatures,
and the Members of the The Senators and Representatives before mentioned,
and Representatives before mentioned, and the Members of the The Senators
and the Authority of the United States, shall be the supreme Law of the Land;
and all Treaties made, or which shall be made, under the Pursuance thereof;
and the Laws of the United States which shall be made in This Constitution,
and Engagements entered into, before the Adoption of this All Debts contracted
and that no State, fourth Clauses in the Ninth Section of the first Article;
and thousand eight hundred and eight shall in any Manner affect the first
and eight shall in any Manner affect the first and thousand eight hundred
and proposing Amendments, which, in either Case, shall be valid to all Intents
and on Form of Government, and shall protect each of them against Invasion;
and shall protect each of them against Invasion; and on Form of Government,
and nothing in this Constitution shall be so construed as to Prejudice States;
and The Congress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules
and make all needful Rules and The Congress shall have Power to dispose of
and be found in another State, shall on demand of the flee from Justice,
and Immunities The Citizens of each State shall be entitled to all Privileges
and the Effect thereof. proved,
and Proceedings shall be Laws prescribe the Manner in which such Acts, Records
And the Congress may by general and judicial Proceedings of every other State.
and judicial Proceedings of every other State. And the Congress may by general
and Credit shall be given in each State to the public Acts, Records, Full Faith
and Comfort. No Person them, or in adhering to their Enemies, giving them Aid
and The Trial of all Crimes, except in Cases of Impeachment, shall be by Jury;
and have appellate Jurisdiction, both as to Law and Fact, with such Exceptions,
and Fact, with such Exceptions, and have appellate Jurisdiction, both as to Law
and In all Cases affecting Ambassadors, other public Ministers and Consuls,
and Consuls, and In all Cases affecting Ambassadors, other public Ministers
and foreign States, Citizens or Subjects. State, or the Citizens thereof,
and between a same State claiming Lands under Grants of different States,
and Citizens of Controversies between two or more States; between a State
and maritime public Ministers and Consuls; to all Cases of admiralty
and Consuls; to all Cases of admiralty and maritime public Ministers
and Treaties made, or which this Constitution, the Laws of the United States,
and Equity, arising under The judicial Power shall extend to all Cases, in Law
and shall, at stated Times, receive for their Offices during good Behavior,
and inferior Courts, shall hold establish. The Judges, both of the supreme
and and in such inferior Courts as the Congress may from time to time ordain
and in such inferior Courts as the Congress may from time to time ordain and
and Misdemeanors. Bribery, or other high Crimes
and Conviction of, Treason, shall be removed from Office on Impeachment for,
and all civil Officers of the United States, The President, Vice President
and shall Commission all shall take Care that the Laws be faithfully executed,
and other public Ministers; he shall think proper; he shall receive Ambassadors
and in Case of Disagreement between them, with Houses, or either of them,
and expedient; he may, on extraordinary Occasions, convene both necessary
and recommend to their Consideration such Measures as he shall judge Union,
and which shall be established by Law: but the Congress otherwise provided for,
and all other Officers of the United States, whose Appointments are not herein
and Consuls, Judges of the supreme Court, Ambassadors, other public Ministers
and Consent of the Senate, shall appoint nominate, and by and with the Advice
and with the Advice and Consent of the Senate, shall appoint nominate, and by
and by and with the Advice and Consent of the Senate, shall appoint nominate,
and he shall Treaties, provided two thirds of the Senators present concur;
and Consent of the Senate, to make He shall have Power, by and with the Advice
and with the Advice and Consent of the Senate, to make He shall have Power, by
and Pardons for Offenses against the United States, except in Grant Reprieves
and he shall have Power to relating to the Duties of their respective Offices,
and of the Militia of the several States, when called into the actual States,
and Navy of the United The President shall be Commander in Chief of the Army
and defend the Constitution of the United States." protect
and will to the best of my Ability, preserve, President of the United States,
and he shall not receive within that Period any other shall have been elected,
and such Officer shall act accordingly, until the Disability be President,
and Vice President, declaring what Officer shall then act as the President
and the Congress may by Office, the same shall devolve on the Vice President,
and Duties of the said Resignation, or Inability to discharge the Powers
and been fourteen Years a have attained to the Age of thirty-five Years,
and the Day on The Congress may determine the Time of choosing the Electors,
and a Majority of all the States shall be necessary to a Choice. In States,
and if no Person have a immediately choose by Ballot one of them for President;
and Electors appointed; and if there be more than one who have such Majority,
and if there be more than one who have such Majority, and Electors appointed;
and the of the Senate and House of Representatives, open all the Certificates,
and House of Representatives, open all the Certificates, and the of the Senate
and of the Number of Votes for each; which List they shall sign and certify,
and certify, and of the Number of Votes for each; which List they shall sign
and with themselves. And they shall make a List of all the Persons voted for,
And they shall make a List of all the Persons voted for, and with themselves.
and vote by Ballot for two The Electors shall meet in their respective States,
and Representatives a Number of Electors, equal to the whole Number of Senators
and Control United States; and all such Laws shall be subject to the Revision
and all such Laws shall be subject to the Revision and Control United States;
and Imposts, laid by its inspection Laws: and the net Produce of all Duties
and the net Produce of all Duties and Imposts, laid by its inspection Laws:
and silver Coin a Tender in Payment of Debts; pass any Bill of Attainder, gold
and Reprisal; coin Money; emit Bills of Credit; make any Thing but of Marque
And no Person No Title of Nobility shall be granted by the United States:
and made by Law; and a regular Statement and Account of the Receipts
and Account of the Receipts and made by Law; and a regular Statement
and a regular Statement and Account of the Receipts and made by Law;
and eight, but a tax or duty may be imposed the Year one thousand eight hundred
and all other Powers vested by this Execution the foregoing Powers,
and proper for carrying into To make all Laws which shall be necessary
And Forts, Magazines, Arsenals, dock-Yards, and other needful Buildings;
and other needful Buildings; And Forts, Magazines, Arsenals, dock-Yards,
and to exercise like Authority over all Places purchased by the Consent States,
and (not exceeding ten Miles square) as may, by Cession of particular States,
and the Authority of training the Militia according to the discipline
and for To provide for organizing, arming, and disciplining, the Militia,
and disciplining, the Militia, and for To provide for organizing, arming,
and repel Invasions; suppress Insurrections
and naval Forces; To make Rules for the Government and Regulation of the land
and Regulation of the land and naval Forces; To make Rules for the Government
and maintain a Navy; To provide
and support Armies, but no Appropriation of Money to that Use shall be To raise
and Water; Captures on Land
and make Rules concerning To declare War, grant Letters of Marque and Reprisal,
and Reprisal, and make Rules concerning To declare War, grant Letters of Marque
and To define and punish Piracies and Felonies committed on the high Seas,
and Felonies committed on the high Seas, and To define and punish Piracies
and punish Piracies and Felonies committed on the high Seas, and To define
and Discoveries;
and Inventors the exclusive Right to their respective Writings Times to Authors
and useful Arts, by securing for limited To promote the Progress of Science
and Post Roads; To establish Post Offices
and current Coin To provide for the Punishment of counterfeiting the Securities
and Measures; Standard of Weights
and fix the To coin Money, regulate the Value thereof, and of foreign Coin,
and of foreign Coin, and fix the To coin Money, regulate the Value thereof,
and uniform Laws on the subject To establish an uniform Rule of Naturalization,
and To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States,
and among the several States, and To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations,
and Excises shall be Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts
and general Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence
and provide for the common Defence and general Excises, to pay the Debts
and The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts
and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and The Congress shall have Power To lay
and Limitations prescribed in the Case of a Bill. to the Rules
and House of Representatives, according be repassed by two thirds of the Senate
and before the Same shall be presented to the President of the United States;
and Every Order, Resolution, or Vote to which the Concurrence of the Senate
and determined by Yeas and Nays, and the Names of the Persons voting for
and the Names of the Persons voting for and determined by Yeas and Nays,
and Nays, and the Names of the Persons voting for and determined by Yeas
and if approved by two thirds of that House, it shall likewise be reconsidered,
and proceed to reconsider it. If after Objections at large on their Journal,
and the Senate, Every Bill which shall have passed the House of Representatives
and no Person holding any Office under the United States, during such time;
and for their respective Houses, and in going to and returning from the same;
and returning from the same; and for their respective Houses, and in going to
and in going to and returning from the same; and for their respective Houses,
and Breach of the States. They shall in all Cases, except Treason, Felony
and paid out of the Treasury of the United Services, to be ascertained by Law,
and Representatives shall receive a Compensation for their The Senators
and Nays of the Members of either House on any question Secrecy; and the Yeas
and the Yeas and Nays of the Members of either House on any question Secrecy;
and from time to time Each House shall keep a Journal of its Proceedings,
and authorized to compel the Attendance of absent Members, in such Manner,
and may be Business; but a smaller number may adjourn from day to day,
and a Majority of each shall constitute a Quorum to do its own Members,
and Qualifications of Each House shall be the Judge of the Elections, Returns
and such Meeting shall The Congress shall assemble at least once in every Year,
and The Times, Places and Manner of holding Elections for Senators
and Manner of holding Elections for Senators and The Times, Places
and Punishment, according to liable and subject to Indictment, Trial, Judgment
and subject to Indictment, Trial, Judgment and Punishment, according to liable
and enjoy any Office of honor, Trust or Office, and disqualification to hold
and disqualification to hold and enjoy any Office of honor, Trust or Office,
And no Person shall be United States is tried, the Chief Justice shall preside:
and also a President pro tempore, The Senate shall choose their other Officers,
and who shall not, Years, and been nine Years a Citizen of the United States,
and been nine Years a Citizen of the United States, and who shall not, Years,
and if Vacancies happen by Resignation, or otherwise, chosen every second Year;
and of the Year, of the second Class at the Expiration of the fourth Year,
and each Senator shall State, chosen by the Legislature thereof, for six Years;
and The House of Representatives shall choose their Speaker and other Officers;
and other Officers; and The House of Representatives shall choose their Speaker
and Georgia three. six, Virginia ten, North Carolina five, South Carolina five
and Providence Plantations one, Connecticut Massachusetts eight, Rhode Island
and until such enumeration shall be shall have at Least one Representative;
and within every subsequent Term of ten of the Congress of the United States,
and excluding Indians not including those bound to Service for a Term of Years,
and direct Taxes shall be apportioned among the several States Representatives
and who twenty five Years, and been seven Years a Citizen of the United States,
and been seven Years a Citizen of the United States, and who twenty five Years,
and the Electors in each State shall Year by the People of the several States,
and House of Representatives. United States, which shall consist of a Senate
and establish this Constitution for the ourselves and our Posterity, do ordain
and our Posterity, do ordain and establish this Constitution for the ourselves
and secure the Blessings of Liberty to defence, promote the general Welfare,
and, together America. He shall hold his Office during the Term of four Years,
and, with the Concurrence of two-thirds, expel a Member. disorderly Behavior,
another State, or by Citizens or Subjects of any Foreign State. by Citizens of
another State, shall on demand of the flee from Justice, and be found in
another State; between Citizens of different States; between Citizens of the
another State, or with a foreign Power, or engage in War, unless actually with
another, shall, in Consequence of any Law or Regulation therein, escaping into
another. one State, be obliged to enter, clear, or pay Duties in
another: nor shall Vessels bound to, or from, Ports of one State over those of
answer for a capital, or otherwise infamous crime, No person shall be held to
any older, to vote shall not be denied or abridged by the United States or by
any poll tax or other tax. pay
any State by reason of failure to denied or abridged by the United States or
any primary or other 1. The right of citizens of the United States to vote in
any person who may Article was proposed by the Congress, and shall not prevent
any person holding the office of President, when this Article shall not apply to
any State, Territory, or possession 2. The transportation or importation into
any of the persons from whom the Senate may choose a Vice President death of
any of the 4. The Congress may by law provide for the case of the death of
any State on account of sex. abridged by the United States or by
any Senator chosen before it becomes valid as part of the Constitution.
any State may empower the vacancies: Provided, That the legislature of
any State in the Senate, the When vacancies happen in the representation of
any census or enumeration. without regard to
any State on account of race, color, or abridged by the United States or by
any slave; but all such debts, obligations and the loss or emancipation of
any claim for in aid of insurrection or rebellion against the United States, or
any debt or obligation incurred United States nor any State shall assume or pay
any State shall assume or pay any debt or obligation incurred United States nor
any State, to any State legislature, or as an executive or judicial officer of
any State legislature, or as an executive or judicial officer of any State, to
any State, who, having previously taken an oath, as a United States, or under
any office, civil or military, under the President and Vice-President, or hold
any way abridged, except for participation in rebellion, United States, or in
any of the male the members of the Legislature thereof, is denied to
any election for the excluding Indians not taxed. But when the right to vote at
any person within its jurisdiction the equal protection of the law; nor deny to
any person of life, liberty, or property, without due process of State deprive
any the privileges or immunities of citizens of the United States; nor shall
any law which shall abridge wherein they reside. No State shall make or enforce
any place subject to their jurisdiction. States, or
any Foreign State. by Citizens of another State, or by Citizens or Subjects of
any The Judicial power of the United States shall not be construed to extend to
any Court of the United States, than jury, shall be otherwise re-examined in
any to be twice put in jeopardy of life or limb; nor shall be compelled in
any person be subject for the same offense of War or public danger; nor shall
any house, without the No Soldier shall, in time of peace be quartered in
any Office or public Trust under the United required as a Qualification to
any State to the Contrary notwithstanding. Laws of
any Thing in the Constitution or Judges in every State shall be bound thereby,
any Manner affect the first and thousand eight hundred and eight shall in
any particular State. any Claims of the United States, or of
any Claims of the United States, or of any particular State.
any shall be formed or erected within the Jurisdiction of any other State; nor
any other State; nor any shall be formed or erected within the Jurisdiction of
any Law or Regulation therein, escaping into another, shall, in Consequence of
any State with Treason, Felony, or other Crime, who shall A Person charged in
any State, the Trial shall be at such committed; but when not committed within
any subject principal Officer in each of the executive Departments, upon
any of them. Emolument from the United States, or
any other shall have been elected, and he shall not receive within that Period
any Person be eligible to that Office who shall not of President; neither shall
any Agreement or Compact Troops, or Ships of War in time of Peace, enter into
any duty of Tonnage, keep No State shall, without the Consent of Congress, lay
any State on Imports or Exports, shall be for the Use of the Treasury of the
any Imposts or Duties No State shall, without the Consent of the Congress, lay
any ex post facto Law, or Law impairing the Obligation of Contracts, or grant
any Bill of Attainder, gold and silver Coin a Tender in Payment of Debts; pass
any Thing but of Marque and Reprisal; coin Money; emit Bills of Credit; make
any Treaty, Alliance, or Confederation; grant Letters No State shall enter into
any King, Prince or foreign State. whatever, from
any kind the Congress, accept of any present, Emolument, Office, or Title, of
any present, Emolument, Office, or Title, of any kind the Congress, accept of
any Office of Profit or Trust under them, shall, without the Consent of holding
any Regulation of Commerce or Revenue to the No Preference shall be given by
any State. No Tax or Duty shall be laid on Articles exported from
any of the States now existing The Migration or Importation of such Persons as
any Department or Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in
any Bill shall not be returned by the President within ten Days (Sundays
any Office under the United States, during such time; and no Person holding
any civil Office under the Authority of the United States which be appointed to
any other any Speech or Debate in either House, they shall not be questioned in
any Speech or Debate in either House, they shall not be questioned in any other
any other Place than that the other, adjourn for more than three days, nor to
any question Secrecy; and the Yeas and Nays of the Members of either House on
any time by Law make or alter such Regulations, except but the Congress may at
any Office of honor, Trust or Office, and disqualification to hold and enjoy
any State, the Executive thereof may during the Recess of the Legislature of
any State, the Executive When vacancies happen in the Representation from
appellate Jurisdiction, both as to Law and Fact, with such Exceptions, and have
Application of the propose Amendments to this Constitution, or, on the
Application of the Legislature, or of the Executive (when the Legislature
apply to any person holding the office of President, when this Article shall not
appoint in such manner as the Congress may direct: A number of electors of
appoint shall begin at noon on the 3d day of January, unless they shall by law
appoint nominate, and by and with the Advice and Consent of the Senate, shall
appoint a be on the first Monday in December, unless they shall by Law
appoint, in such Manner as the Legislature thereof may direct, Each State shall
appointed by a State; and they shall meet in the District and perform such
appointed by the States, but they shall be considered, for addition to those
appointed an Elector. States, shall be
appointed to any civil Office under the Authority of the United States which be
appointed, and if no person have a majority, then from the two highest numbers
appointed; and if no person have such majority, then from the persons having
appointed; and if there be more than one who have such Majority, and Electors
Appointment of such inferior Officers, as they think may by Law vest the
Appointment of the Officers, States, reserving to the States respectively, the
appointments until the people fill the executive thereof to make temporary
Appointments are not herein and all other Officers of the United States, whose
Appointments until the next Meeting of the Legislature, which make temporary
apportioned among the several States according to 2. Representatives shall be
apportioned among the several States Representatives and direct Taxes shall be
apportionment among the several States, and whatever source derived, without
appropriate 2. The Congress shall have power to enforce this article by
appropriate 2. The Congress shall have power to enforce this article by
appropriate 2. The Congress shall have power to enforce this article by
appropriate legislation. Congress shall have power to enforce this article by
appropriate legislation. this article by
appropriate 2. The Congress shall have power to enforce this article by
appropriate legislation, the 5. The Congress shall have power to enforce, by
appropriate 2. Congress shall have power to enforce this article by
Appropriation of Money to that Use shall be To raise and support Armies, but no
Appropriations No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of
approve he shall sign it, but if not he shall return it, with his States; If he
approved by him, or being disapproved by him, shall shall take Effect, shall be
approved by two thirds of that House, it shall likewise be reconsidered, and if
are eighteen years of age or 1. The right of citizens of the United States, who
are citizens of the United States and of the State jurisdiction thereof,
are reserved to the States respectively, or to prohibited by it to the States,
are not herein and all other Officers of the United States, whose Appointments
arising unless on a presentment or indictment of a Grand Jury, except in cases
arising under The judicial Power shall extend to all Cases, in Law and Equity,
Armies, but no Appropriation of Money to that Use shall be To raise and support
arming, and disciplining, the Militia, and for To provide for organizing,
Arms, shall not be infringed. right of the people to keep and bear
Army and Navy of the United The President shall be Commander in Chief of the
Arrest during their Attendance at the Session of Peace, be privileged from
Arsenals, dock-Yards, and other needful Buildings; And Forts, Magazines,
article by appropriate 2. The Congress shall have power to enforce this
article by appropriate 2. The Congress shall have power to enforce this
article by appropriate 2. The Congress shall have power to enforce this
article of amendment. duties as provided by the twelfth
article shall be inoperative unless it shall have been ratified as an 2. This
Article becomes operative from holding the office of within which this
Article was proposed by the Congress, and shall not prevent any person who may
Article shall not apply to any person holding the office of President, when this
article shall be inoperative unless it shall have been ratified as an 3. The
article of amendment to the Constitution of the United States 1. The eighteenth
article shall be inoperative unless it shall have been ratified as an 6. This
article had not been ratified; and the terms of their successors shall then
article by appropriate legislation. Congress shall have power to enforce this
article shall be inoperative unless it shall have been ratified as an 3. This
article by appropriate legislation. this
article the manufacture, sale, 1. After one year from the ratification of this
article by appropriate 2. The Congress shall have power to enforce this
article by appropriate 2. Congress shall have power to enforce this
Article 7.
Article 6.
Article 5.
Article 4.
Article 3.
Article 2.
Article 1.
article. ratification of this
article. provisions of this
Article; and that no State, fourth Clauses in the Ninth Section of the first
Articles exported from any State. No Tax or Duty shall be laid on
Arts, by securing for limited To promote the Progress of Science and useful
as Acting President; otherwise, the President shall resume the powers the same
as Congress may by law provide, the executive department or of such other body
as Acting shall immediately assume the powers and duties of the office
as Congress may by law of the executive departments or of such other body
as Acting President. shall be discharged by the Vice President
as provided by the twelfth article of amendment. duties
as the Congress may direct: A number of electors of appoint in such manner
as an 2. This article shall be inoperative unless it shall have been ratified
as President during the remainder of such term. President or acting
as President, during the term be holding the office of President, or acting
as President, for and no person who has held the office of President, or acted
as provided amendment to the Constitution by conventions in the several States,
as an 3. The article shall be inoperative unless it shall have been ratified
as an 6. This article shall be inoperative unless it shall have been ratified
as President, or the manner in which one who is to declaring who shall then act
as President until a President qualify, then the Vice President elect shall act
as amendment to the Constitution by the legislatures of the several States,
as an 3. This article shall be inoperative unless it shall have been ratified
as part of the Constitution. any Senator chosen before it becomes valid
as to affect the election or term of This amendment shall not be so construed
as the legislature may direct. vacancies by election
as an executive or judicial officer of any State, to any State legislature, or
as a member of member of Congress, or as an officer of the United States, or
as an officer of the United States, or as a member of member of Congress, or
as a United States, or under any State, who, having previously taken an oath,
as a punishment for crime 1. Neither slavery nor involuntary servitude, except
as Vice-President, shall be the The person having the greatest number of votes
as in the case of the death or other the Vice-President shall act as President,
as President, as in the case of the death or other the Vice-President shall act
as the highest numbers not exceeding three on the list of those voted for
as Vice-President and of the number of President, and of all persons voted for
as Vice-President, and they shall make distinct lists of all persons voted for
as voted for as President, and in distinct ballots the person voted for
as President, and in distinct ballots the person voted for as voted for
as a Qualification to any Office or public Trust under the United required
as under the Confederation. Constitution,
as valid against the United States under this Constitution, shall be
as the one or the other Mode of Ratification may be proposed by the thereof,
as part of this Constitution, when ratified by the Legislatures of Purposes,
as to Prejudice States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so construed
as of without the Consent of the Legislatures of the States concerned as well
as well as of without the Consent of the Legislatures of the States concerned
as the Congress may by Law have directed. Place or Places
as the Congress shall make. under such Regulations
as to Law and Fact, with such Exceptions, and have appellate Jurisdiction, both
as the Congress may from time to time ordain and and in such inferior Courts
as he Respect to the Time of Adjournment, he may adjourn them to such Time
as he shall judge Union, and recommend to their Consideration such Measures
as they think may by Law vest the Appointment of such inferior Officers,
as the President and Vice President, declaring what Officer shall then act
as the Legislature thereof may direct, Each State shall appoint, in such Manner
as follows: with the Vice-President chosen for the same Term, be elected,
as will not admit of delay. invaded, or in such imminent Danger
as any of the States now existing The Migration or Importation of such Persons
as may, by Cession of particular States, and (not exceeding ten Miles square)
as may be employed in the Service of the United governing such Part of them
as if he had signed it, unless the Congress by their Adjournment in like Manner
as on other Bills. but the Senate may propose or concur with Amendments
as may in their Judgment require publish the same, excepting such Parts
as each House may provide. under such Penalties
as to the Place of Choosing Senators.
as may be into three Classes. The Seats of the they shall be divided as equally
as equally as may be into three Classes. The Seats of the they shall be divided
as they shall by Law direct. The Number of Years, in such Manner
ascertained by law, and to be informed of the nature and cause of the
ascertained by Law, and paid out of the Treasury of the United Services, to be
assemble at least once in every year, and such meeting 2. The Congress shall
assemble at least once in every Year, and such Meeting shall The Congress shall
assemble, determines by within twenty one days after Congress is required to
assemble, and to petition of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to
assembled in Consequence of the first Election, Immediately after they shall be
assembling within forty eight hours for that Congress shall decide the issue,
Assistance of process for obtaining witnesses in his favor, and to have the
assume the powers and duties of the office as Acting shall immediately
assume or pay any debt or obligation incurred United States nor any State shall
at the time fixed for the beginning of the term of the President, the 3. If,
at noon on the 3d day of January, unless they shall by law appoint shall begin
at least once in every year, and such meeting 2. The Congress shall assemble
at noon on the 3d day of January, and the terms of Senators and Representatives
at noon on the 20th 1. The terms of the President and Vice President shall end
at any election for the excluding Indians not taxed. But when the right to vote
at least, shall not be an inhabitant President and Vice-President, one of whom,
at common law, where the value in controversy shall exceed twenty In Suits
at such committed; but when not committed within any State, the Trial shall be
at stated Times, receive for their Offices during good Behavior, and shall,
at the End the Recess of the Senate, by granting Commissions which shall expire
at stated Times, receive for his Services, a Compensation, The President shall,
at No person except a natural born Citizen, or a Citizen of the United States,
at least shall not lie an Inhabitant of the same State persons, of whom one
at large on their Journal, and proceed to reconsider it. If after Objections
at the Session of Peace, be privileged from Arrest during their Attendance
at the Desire of one fifth of those Present, be entered on the Journal. shall,
at least once in every Year, and such Meeting shall The Congress shall assemble
at any time by Law make or alter such Regulations, except but the Congress may
at the Expiration of the sixth Year, so that one third may be third Class
at the Expiration of the fourth Year, and of the Year, of the second Class
at the Expiration of the second Senators of the first Class shall be vacated
at Least one Representative; and until such enumeration shall be shall have
Attainder of Treason shall work Corruption of Blood, or Forfeiture except
Attainder or ex post facto Law shall be passed. No Bill of
Attainder, gold and silver Coin a Tender in Payment of Debts; pass any Bill of
attained to the Age of thirty-five Years, and been fourteen Years a have
attained to the Age of thirty No person shall be a Senator who shall not have
attained to the Age of No Person shall be a Representative who shall not have
attainted. during the Life of the Person
Attendance at the Session of Peace, be privileged from Arrest during their
Attendance of absent Members, in such Manner, and authorized to compel the
Attest: William Jackson, Secretary
authority of such State shall issue writs of election to fill such executive
Authority of the United States, shall be the supreme Law of the Land; and the
Authority of the State from which he fled, be delivered up, to be executive
Authority over all Places purchased by the Consent States, and to exercise like
Authority of training the Militia according to the discipline and the
Authority of the United States which be appointed to any civil Office under the
Authority thereof shall issue Writs of Election to fill such Vacancies.
Authority; to all Cases affecting Ambassadors, other shall be made, under their
authorized by law, 4. The validity of the public debt of the United States,
authorized to compel the Attendance of absent Members, in such Manner, and
Authors and Inventors the exclusive Right to their respective Writings Times to
bail shall not be required, nor excessive fines imposed, nor cruel Excessive
Baldwin Georgia - William Few, Abraham
ballot for The Electors shall meet in their respective states, and vote by
Ballot the Vice-President. them by
Ballot one of them for President; and if no Person have a immediately choose by
Ballot for two The Electors shall meet in their respective States, and vote by
ballot, President, the House of Representatives shall choose immediately, by
ballots the person voted for as voted for as President, and in distinct
ballots the person of the same state with themselves; they shall name in their
Bankruptcies throughout the United States; of
basis of representation therein shall be reduced in the or other crime, the
Bassett, Delaware - George Read, Gunning Bedford Jr., John Dickinson, Richard
be denied or abridged by the United States or by any older, to vote shall not
be discharged by the Vice President as Acting President. shall
be Vice President, or for Senator or Representative in Congress, shall not
be electors the purposes of the election of President and Vice President, to
be considered, for addition to those appointed by the States, but they shall
be in a State, but in no event more than the least populous State; they shall
be entitled if it were Representatives in Congress to which the District would
be inoperative unless it shall have been ratified as an 2. This article shall
be holding the office of President, or acting as President, during the term
be elected to the office of the President more than once. But this shall
be elected to the office of the President more than twice, 1. No person shall
be inoperative unless it shall have been ratified as an 3. The article shall
be inoperative unless it shall have been ratified as an 6. This article shall
be selected, and such person shall act accordingly until a President act shall
be denied or The right of citizens of the United States to vote shall not
be inoperative unless it shall have been ratified as an 3. This article shall
be so construed as to affect the election or term of This amendment shall not
be composed of two Senators from each The Senate of the United States shall
be denied or 1. The right of citizens of the United States to vote shall not
be held illegal and void. claims shall
be questioned. But neither the suppressing insurrection or rebellion, shall not
be a Senator or Representative in Congress, or elector of 3. No person shall
be reduced in the or other crime, the basis of representation therein shall
be apportioned among the several States according to 2. Representatives shall
be eligible to constitutionally ineligible to the office of President shall
be necessary to a choice. But no person majority of the whole number shall
be a majority of the whole number of Electors Vice-President, if such number
be the The person having the greatest number of votes as Vice-President, shall
be necessary to a choice. And if the House a majority of all the states shall
be taken by the President. But in choosing the President, the votes shall
be a majority of the whole number of Electors President, if such number
be the The person having the greatest Number of votes for President, shall
be counted; Representatives, open all the certificates and the votes shall then
be an inhabitant President and Vice-President, one of whom, at least, shall not
be construed to extend to any The Judicial power of the United States shall not
be construed The enumeration in the Constitution, of certain rights, shall not
be required, nor excessive fines imposed, nor cruel Excessive bail shall not
be otherwise re-examined in any Court of the United States, than jury, shall
be preserved, and no fact tried by a dollars, the right of trial by jury shall
be confronted with the witnesses against him; to have compulsory accusation; to
be informed of the nature and cause of the ascertained by law, and to
be liberty, or property, without due process of law; nor shall private property
be deprived of life, criminal case to be a witness against himself, nor
be a witness against himself, nor be deprived of life, criminal case to
be compelled in any to be twice put in jeopardy of life or limb; nor shall
be twice put in jeopardy of life or limb; nor shall be compelled in any to
be subject for the same offense of War or public danger; nor shall any person
be held to answer for a capital, or otherwise infamous crime, No person shall
be seized. persons or things to
be searched, and the affirmation, and particularly describing the place to
be violated, and effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not
be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and The right of the people to
be prescribed by consent of the Owner, nor in time of war, but in a manner to
be quartered in any house, without the No Soldier shall, in time of peace
be infringed. right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not
be sufficient for the The Ratification of the Conventions of nine States, shall
be Affirmation, to support this Constitution; but no religious Test shall ever
be bound by Oath or the United States and of the several States, shall
be bound thereby, any Thing in the Constitution or Judges in every State shall
be the supreme Law of the Land; and the Authority of the United States, shall
be made, under the Pursuance thereof; and all Treaties made, or which shall
be made in This Constitution, and the Laws of the United States which shall
be as valid against the United States under this Constitution, shall
be deprived of its equal Suffrage in the Senate. without its Consent, shall
be made prior to the Year One Congress; Provided that no Amendment which may
be proposed by the thereof, as the one or the other Mode of Ratification may
be valid to all Intents and proposing Amendments, which, in either Case, shall
be convened) against domestic Violence. cannot
be so construed as to Prejudice States; and nothing in this Constitution shall
be formed by the Junction of two or more States, or parts of States, State
be formed or erected within the Jurisdiction of any other State; nor any shall
be admitted by the Congress into this Union; but no new States New States may
be due. of the Party to whom such Service or Labour may
be delivered up on Claim be discharged from such Service or Labour, But shall
be discharged from such Service or Labour, But shall be delivered up on Claim
be executive Authority of the State from which he fled, be delivered up, to
be delivered up, to be executive Authority of the State from which he fled,
be found in another State, shall on demand of the flee from Justice, and
be entitled to all Privileges and Immunities The Citizens of each State shall
be Laws prescribe the Manner in which such Acts, Records and Proceedings shall
be given in each State to the public Acts, Records, Full Faith and Credit shall
be convicted of Treason unless on the Testimony of two Witnesses to the shall
be at such committed; but when not committed within any State, the Trial shall
be held in the State where the said Crimes shall have been such Trial shall
be by Jury; and The Trial of all Crimes, except in Cases of Impeachment, shall
be Party, the supreme Court shall have original those in which a State shall
be a Party; to Jurisdiction; to Controversies to which the United States shall
be made, under their Authority; to all Cases affecting Ambassadors, other shall
be diminished during their their Services a Compensation which shall not
be vested in one supreme Court, The judicial Power of the United States, shall
be removed from Office on Impeachment for, and Conviction of, Treason, shall
be faithfully executed, and shall Commission all shall take Care that the Laws
be established by Law: but the Congress otherwise provided for, and which shall
be Commander in Chief of the Army and Navy of the United The President shall
be increased nor diminished during the Period for which he which shall neither
be elected. removed, or a President shall
be President, and such Officer shall act accordingly, until the Disability
be eligible to that Office who shall not of President; neither shall any Person
be eligible to the Office the time of the Adoption of this Constitution, shall
be the same throughout the which they shall give their Votes; which Day shall
be the Vice President. But if there Number of Votes of the Electors shall
be necessary to a Choice. In States, and a Majority of all the States shall
be Manner choose the President. But in choosing the President, the Votes shall
be more than one who have such Majority, and Electors appointed; and if there
be a Majority of the whole Number of shall be the President, if such Number
be the President, if such Number be a Majority of the whole Number of shall
be counted. The Person having the greatest Number of Votes Votes shall then
be appointed an Elector. States, shall
be entitled in the Congress: but no Senator or to which the State may
be elected, as follows: with the Vice-President chosen for the same Term,
be vested in a President of the United States of The executive Power shall
be subject to the Revision and Control United States; and all such Laws shall
be for the Use of the Treasury of the any State on Imports or Exports, shall
be absolutely necessary for executing on Imports or Exports, except what may
be granted by the United States: And no Person No Title of Nobility shall
be published from time to time. Expenditures of all public Money shall
be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations No Money shall
be obliged to enter, clear, or pay Duties in another. one State,
be given by any Regulation of Commerce or Revenue to the No Preference shall
be laid on Articles exported from any State. No Tax or Duty shall
be taken. Census or Enumeration herein before directed to
be laid, unless in Proportion to the No capitation, or other direct, Tax shall
be passed. No Bill of Attainder or ex post facto Law shall
be suspended, unless when The privilege of the Writ of Habeas Corpus shall not
be imposed the Year one thousand eight hundred and eight, but a tax or duty may
be prohibited by the Congress prior to shall think proper to admit, shall not
be necessary and proper for carrying into To make all Laws which shall
be employed in the Service of the United governing such Part of them as may
be To raise and support Armies, but no Appropriation of Money to that Use shall
be Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall
be repassed by two thirds of the Senate and House of Representatives, according
be approved by him, or being disapproved by him, shall shall take Effect, shall
be presented to the President of the United States; and before the Same shall
be necessary (except on a question of Adjournment) House of Representatives may
be a Law. prevent its Return, in which Case it shall not
be a Law, excepted) after it shall have been presented to him, the Same shall
be returned by the President within ten Days (Sundays any Bill shall not
be entered on the Journal of each House respectively. If against the Bill shall
be shall become a Law. But in all such Cases the Votes of both Houses shall
be reconsidered, and if approved by two thirds of that House, it shall likewise
be sent, together with the Objections, to the other House, by which it shall
be presented to the President of the United shall, before it become a Law,
be a Member of either House during his Continuance in Office. shall
be appointed to any civil Office under the Authority of the United States which
be questioned in any other any Speech or Debate in either House, they shall not
be privileged from Arrest during their Attendance at the Session of Peace,
be ascertained by Law, and paid out of the Treasury of the United Services, to
be sitting. in which the two Houses shall
be entered on the Journal. shall, at the Desire of one fifth of those Present,
be Business; but a smaller number may adjourn from day to day, and may
be the Judge of the Elections, Returns and Qualifications of Each House shall
be on the first Monday in December, unless they shall by Law appoint a
be prescribed in each State by the Legislature thereof; Representatives, shall
be Profit under the United States: but the Party convicted shall nevertheless
be United States is tried, the Chief Justice shall preside: And no Person shall
be on Oath or Affirmation. When the President of the that Purpose, they shall
be equally divided. shall have no Vote, unless they
be President of the Senate, but The Vice President of the United States shall
be chosen. when elected, be an Inhabitant of that State for which he shall
be an Inhabitant of that State for which he shall be chosen. when elected,
be a Senator who shall not have attained to the Age of thirty No person shall
be third Class at the Expiration of the sixth Year, so that one third may
be vacated at the Expiration of the second Senators of the first Class shall
be into three Classes. The Seats of the they shall be divided as equally as may
be divided as equally as may be into three Classes. The Seats of the they shall
be assembled in Consequence of the first Election, Immediately after they shall
be composed of two Senators from each The Senate of the United States shall
be entitled to choose three, made, the State of New Hampshire shall
be shall have at Least one Representative; and until such enumeration shall
be made within three Years after the first Meeting The actual Enumeration shall
be determined by adding to the whole Number of free Persons, which shall
be included within this Union, according to their respective Numbers, which may
be apportioned among the several States Representatives and direct Taxes shall
be shall not, when elected, be an Inhabitant of that State in which he shall
be an Inhabitant of that State in which he shall be shall not, when elected,
be a Representative who shall not have attained to the Age of No Person shall
be composed of Members chosen every second The House of Representatives shall
be vested in a Congress of the All legislative Powers herein granted shall
be, for the Erection of of the Legislature of the State in which the Same shall
bear to the whole proportion which the number of such male citizens shall
bear Arms, shall not be infringed. right of the people to keep and
become President. resignation, the Vice President shall
become President elect shall have died, the Vice President elect shall
become the Seat of the Government of the United the acceptance of Congress,
become a Law. But in all such Cases the Votes of both Houses shall be shall
become a Law, be presented to the President of the United shall, before it
becomes operative from holding the office of within which this Article
becomes valid as part of the Constitution. any Senator chosen before it
Bedford Jr., John Dickinson, Richard Bassett, Delaware - George Read, Gunning
been ratified as an 2. This article shall be inoperative unless it shall have
been ratified as an 3. The article shall be inoperative unless it shall have
been ratified as an 6. This article shall be inoperative unless it shall have
been chosen before the time fixed for President. If a President shall not have
been ratified; and the terms of their successors shall then article had not
been ratified as an 3. This article shall be inoperative unless it shall have
been duly convicted, shall exist within the United whereof the party shall have
been previously shall have been committed, which district shall have
been committed, which district shall have been previously shall have
been such Trial shall be held in the State where the said Crimes shall have
been elected, and he shall not receive within that Period any other shall have
been fourteen Years a have attained to the Age of thirty-five Years, and
been presented to him, the Same shall be a Law, excepted) after it shall have
been increased shall have been created, or the Emoluments whereof shall have
been created, or the Emoluments whereof shall have been increased shall have
been nine Years a Citizen of the United States, and who shall not, Years, and
been seven Years a Citizen of the United States, and who twenty five Years, and
before the time fixed for President. If a President shall not have been chosen
before it becomes valid as part of the Constitution. any Senator chosen
before the fourth day of March next following, then shall devolve upon them,
before mentioned, and the Members of the The Senators and Representatives
before the Adoption of this All Debts contracted and Engagements entered into,
before mentioned, the supreme Court shall Jurisdiction. In all the other Cases
Before he enter on the Execution of his Office, he shall take the following
before directed to be taken. Census or Enumeration herein
before the Same shall be presented to the President of the United States; and
before it become a Law, be presented to the President of the United shall,
begin at noon on the 3d day of January, unless they shall by law appoint shall
begin.
beginning of his term, or if the President elect shall have failed to the
beginning of the term of the President, the 3. If, at the time fixed for the
Behavior, and shall, at stated Times, receive for their Offices during good
Behavior, and, with the Concurrence of two-thirds, expel a Member. disorderly
being twenty-one years of age, and citizens of the inhabitants of such State,
being necessary to the security of a free State, the A well regulated Militia,
being disapproved by him, shall shall take Effect, shall be approved by him, or
belonging to the United Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property
Benjamin Franklin, Thomas Mifflin, Robert Morris, George Clymer, Pennsylvania -
best of my Ability, preserve, President of the United States, and will to the
between the States so ratifying the Same. Establishment of this Constitution
between a same State claiming Lands under Grants of different States, and
between Citizens of the another State; between Citizens of different States;
between Citizens of different States; between Citizens of the another State;
between a State and Citizens of Controversies between two or more States;
between two or more States; between a State and Citizens of Controversies
between them, with Houses, or either of them, and in Case of Disagreement
beverage purposes is hereby prohibited. the jurisdiction thereof for
Bill of Attainder, gold and silver Coin a Tender in Payment of Debts; pass any
Bill of Attainder or ex post facto Law shall be passed. No
Bill shall not be returned by the President within ten Days (Sundays any
Bill shall be entered on the Journal of each House respectively. If against the
Bill which shall have passed the House of Representatives and the Senate, Every
Bill, it such Reconsideration two thirds of that House shall agree to pass the
Bill. to the Rules and Limitations prescribed in the Case of a
Bills of Credit; make any Thing but of Marque and Reprisal; coin Money; emit
bills for raising Revenue shall originate in the House of Representatives; All
Bills. but the Senate may propose or concur with Amendments as on other
Blair, James Madison Jr. Virginia - John
Blessings of Liberty to defence, promote the general Welfare, and secure the
Blood, or Forfeiture except Attainder of Treason shall work Corruption of
Blount, Richard Dobbs Spaight, Hugh Williamson North Carolina - William
body as Congress may by law provide, the executive department or of such other
body as Congress may by law of the executive departments or of such other
born or naturalized in the United States, and subject to the 1. All persons
born Citizen, or a Citizen of the United States, at No person except a natural
borrow money on the credit of the United States; To
both Houses that the President is unable to discharge the two thirds vote of
both Houses of Congress. confirmation by a majority vote of
both of several State Legislatures, and all executive and judicial Officers,
both Houses shall deem it necessary, shall The Congress, whenever two thirds of
both as to Law and Fact, with such Exceptions, and have appellate Jurisdiction,
both of the supreme and inferior Courts, shall hold establish. The Judges,
both necessary and expedient; he may, on extraordinary Occasions, convene
both of Law provide for the Case of Removal, Death, Resignation or Inability,
both Houses shall be shall become a Law. But in all such Cases the Votes of
bound by Oath or the United States and of the several States, shall be
bound thereby, any Thing in the Constitution or Judges in every State shall be
bound to, or from, Ports of one State over those of another: nor shall Vessels
bound to Service for a Term of Years, and excluding Indians not including those
bounties for services in including debts incurred for payment of pensions and
branch of the State legislatures. requisite for electors of the most numerous
Branch of have the Qualifications requisite for Electors of the most numerous
Breach of the States. They shall in all Cases, except Treason, Felony and
Brearley, William Paterson, Jonathan New Jersey - William Livingston, David
Bribery, or other high Crimes and Misdemeanors.
Broom Jacob
Buildings; And Forts, Magazines, Arsenals, dock-Yards, and other needful
Business; but a smaller number may adjourn from day to day, and may be
but they shall be considered, for addition to those appointed by the States,
but in no event more than the least populous State; they shall be in a State,
But this shall be elected to the office of the President more than once.
but all such debts, obligations and the loss or emancipation of any slave;
But neither the suppressing insurrection or rebellion, shall not be questioned.
But Congress may by a vote of two-thirds of each House, remove enemies thereof.
But when the right to vote at any election for the excluding Indians not taxed.
But no person majority of the whole number shall be necessary to a choice.
But in choosing the President, the votes shall be taken by the President.
but upon probable cause, supported by Oath or no Warrants shall issue,
but in a manner to be prescribed by consent of the Owner, nor in time of war,
but no religious Test shall ever be Affirmation, to support this Constitution;
but no new States New States may be admitted by the Congress into this Union;
But shall be delivered up on Claim be discharged from such Service or Labour,
but no The Congress shall have power to declare the Punishment of Treason,
but when not committed within any State, the Trial shall be at such committed;
but the Congress otherwise provided for, and which shall be established by Law:
But if there Number of Votes of the Electors shall be the Vice President.
But in choosing the President, the Votes shall be Manner choose the President.
but no Senator or to which the State may be entitled in the Congress:
but of Marque and Reprisal; coin Money; emit Bills of Credit; make any Thing
but in Consequence of Appropriations No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury,
but a tax or duty may be imposed the Year one thousand eight hundred and eight,
but no Appropriation of Money to that Use shall be To raise and support Armies,
but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be Welfare of the United States;
But in all such Cases the Votes of both Houses shall be shall become a Law.
but if not he shall return it, with his States; If he approve he shall sign it,
but the Senate may propose or concur with Amendments as on other Bills.
but a smaller number may adjourn from day to day, and may be Business;
but the Congress may at any time by Law make or alter such Regulations, except
but the Party convicted shall nevertheless be Profit under the United States:
but The Vice President of the United States shall be President of the Senate,
but each State Representatives shall not exceed one for every thirty Thousand,
Butler Pierce
by appropriate 2. The Congress shall have power to enforce this article
by any older, to vote shall not be denied or abridged by the United States or
by the United States or by any older, to vote shall not be denied or abridged
by within twenty one days after Congress is required to assemble, determines
by law provide, the executive department or of such other body as Congress may
by law of the executive departments or of such other body as Congress may
by the Vice President as Acting President. shall be discharged
by a majority vote of both Houses of Congress. confirmation
by appropriate 2. The Congress shall have power to enforce this article
by reason of failure to denied or abridged by the United States or any State
by the United States or any State by reason of failure to denied or abridged
by appropriate 2. The Congress shall have power to enforce this article
by the twelfth article of amendment. duties as provided
by a State; and they shall meet in the District and perform such appointed
by the States, but they shall be considered, for addition to those appointed
by the Congress.
by the legislatures of three-fourths of the amendment to the Constitution
by the Congress, and shall not prevent any person who may Article was proposed
by the Congress. to the States
by conventions in the several States, as provided amendment to the Constitution
by the legislatures of three-fourths of the amendment to the Constitution
by law provide for the case of the death of any of the 4. The Congress may
by law provide for the case wherein shall have qualified; and the Congress may
by law appoint shall begin at noon on the 3d day of January, unless they shall
by appropriate legislation. Congress shall have power to enforce this article
by any State on account of sex. abridged by the United States or
by the United States or by any State on account of sex. abridged
by the Congress. submission hereof to the States
by the legislatures of the several States, as amendment to the Constitution
by appropriate legislation. this article
by election as the legislature may direct. vacancies
by the people thereof, for six years; and each Senator shall State, elected
by appropriate 2. The Congress shall have power to enforce this article
by any State on account of race, color, or abridged by the United States or
by the United States or by any State on account of race, color, or abridged
by appropriate legislation, the 5. The Congress shall have power to enforce,
by law, 4. The validity of the public debt of the United States, authorized
by a vote of two-thirds of each House, remove enemies thereof. But Congress may
by appropriate 2. Congress shall have power to enforce this article
by the President. But in choosing the President, the votes shall be taken
by ballot, President, the House of Representatives shall choose immediately,
by ballot for The Electors shall meet in their respective states, and vote
by Citizens or Subjects of any Foreign State. by Citizens of another State, or
by Citizens of another State, or by Citizens or Subjects of any Foreign State.
by it to the States, are reserved to the States respectively, or to prohibited
by the Constitution, nor The powers not delegated to the United States
by the people. to deny or disparage others retained
by a dollars, the right of trial by jury shall be preserved, and no fact tried
by jury shall be preserved, and no fact tried by a dollars, the right of trial
by law, and to be informed of the nature and cause of the ascertained
by an impartial jury of the State and district wherein the crime public trial,
by Oath or no Warrants shall issue, but upon probable cause, supported
by consent of the Owner, nor in time of war, but in a manner to be prescribed
by the Unanimous Consent of the States present the Done in Convention
by Oath or the United States and of the several States, shall be bound
by the thereof, as the one or the other Mode of Ratification may be proposed
by Conventions in three fourths three fourths of the several States, or
by the Legislatures of Purposes, as part of this Constitution, when ratified
by the Junction of two or more States, or parts of States, State be formed
by the Congress into this Union; but no new States New States may be admitted
by general and judicial Proceedings of every other State. And the Congress may
by Law have directed. Place or Places as the Congress may
by Jury; and The Trial of all Crimes, except in Cases of Impeachment, shall be
by granting Commissions which shall expire at the End the Recess of the Senate,
by Law vest the Appointment of such inferior Officers, as they think may
by Law: but the Congress otherwise provided for, and which shall be established
by and with the Advice and Consent of the Senate, shall appoint nominate, and
by and with the Advice and Consent of the Senate, to make He shall have Power,
by Office, the same shall devolve on the Vice President, and the Congress may
by Ballot the Vice-President. them
by States, the Representation from each State having one Vote; a quorum taken
by Ballot one of them for President; and if no Person have a immediately choose
by Ballot for two The Electors shall meet in their respective States, and vote
by its inspection Laws: and the net Produce of all Duties and Imposts, laid
by the United States: And no Person No Title of Nobility shall be granted
by Law; and a regular Statement and Account of the Receipts and made
by any Regulation of Commerce or Revenue to the No Preference shall be given
by the Congress prior to shall think proper to admit, shall not be prohibited
by this Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested
by the Consent States, and to exercise like Authority over all Places purchased
by Cession of particular States, and (not exceeding ten Miles square) as may,
by Congress; prescribed
by securing for limited To promote the Progress of Science and useful Arts,
by two thirds of the Senate and House of Representatives, according be repassed
by him, shall shall take Effect, shall be approved by him, or being disapproved
by him, or being disapproved by him, shall shall take Effect, shall be approved
by their Adjournment in like Manner as if he had signed it, unless the Congress
by the President within ten Days (Sundays any Bill shall not be returned
by Yeas and Nays, and the Names of the Persons voting for and determined
by two thirds of that House, it shall likewise be reconsidered, and if approved
by which it shall be sent, together with the Objections, to the other House,
by Law, and paid out of the Treasury of the United Services, to be ascertained
by Law appoint a be on the first Monday in December, unless they shall
by Law make or alter such Regulations, except but the Congress may at any time
by the Legislature thereof; Representatives, shall be prescribed in each State
by Resignation, or otherwise, chosen every second Year; and if Vacancies happen
by the Legislature thereof, for six Years; and each Senator shall State, chosen
by Law direct. The Number of Years, in such Manner as they shall
by adding to the whole Number of free Persons, which shall be determined
by the People of the several States, and the Electors in each State shall Year
call a Convention for Legislatures of two thirds of the several States, shall
called into the actual States, and of the Militia of the several States, when
calling forth the Militia to execute the Laws of the Union, To provide for
cannot be convened) against domestic Violence.
capital, or otherwise infamous crime, No person shall be held to answer for a
capitation, or other direct, Tax shall be laid, unless in Proportion to the No
Captures on Land and Water;
Care that the Laws be faithfully executed, and shall Commission all shall take
Carolina - John Rutledge, Charles Cotesworth Pinckney, Charles Pinckney, South
Carolina - William Blount, Richard Dobbs Spaight, Hugh Williamson North
Carolina five and Georgia three. six, Virginia ten, North Carolina five, South
Carolina five, South Carolina five and Georgia three. six, Virginia ten, North
Carroll Maryland - James McHenry, Daniel of St Thomas Jenifer, Daniel
carrying into To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for
case of the removal of the President from office or of his death or 1. In
case of the the right of choice shall have devolved upon them, and for the
case of the death of any of the 4. The Congress may by law provide for the
case wherein shall have qualified; and the Congress may by law provide for the
case of the death or other the Vice-President shall act as President, as in the
case to be a witness against himself, nor be deprived of life, criminal
Case of Disagreement between them, with Houses, or either of them, and in
Case of Removal, Death, Resignation or Inability, both of Law provide for the
Case of the Removal of the President from Office, or of his Death, In
Case of a Bill. to the Rules and Limitations prescribed in the
Case it shall not be a Law. prevent its Return, in which
Case, shall be valid to all Intents and proposing Amendments, which, in either
Case, after the Choice of the President, the Person having the greatest every
cases arising unless on a presentment or indictment of a Grand Jury, except in
Cases of Impeachment, shall be by Jury; and The Trial of all Crimes, except in
Cases before mentioned, the supreme Court shall Jurisdiction. In all the other
Cases affecting Ambassadors, other public Ministers and Consuls, and In all
Cases of admiralty and maritime public Ministers and Consuls; to all
Cases affecting Ambassadors, other shall be made, under their Authority; to all
Cases of Impeachment.
Cases of Rebellion or Invasion the public Safety may require it. in
Cases whatsoever, over such District To exercise exclusive Legislation in all
Cases the Votes of both Houses shall be shall become a Law. But in all such
Cases of Impeachment shall not extend further than to removal from Judgment in
Cases, in Law and Equity, arising under The judicial Power shall extend to all
Cases, except Treason, Felony and Breach of the States. They shall in all
cause of the ascertained by law, and to be informed of the nature and
cause, supported by Oath or no Warrants shall issue, but upon probable
census or enumeration. without regard to any
Census or Enumeration herein before directed to be taken.
certain rights, shall not be construed The enumeration in the Constitution, of
certificates and the votes shall then be counted; Representatives, open all the
Certificates, and the of the Senate and House of Representatives, open all the
certify, and transmit sealed to votes for each, which lists they shall sign and
certify, and of the Number of Votes for each; which List they shall sign and
Cession of particular States, and (not exceeding ten Miles square) as may, by
charged in any State with Treason, Felony, or other Crime, who shall A Person
Charles Pinckney, South Carolina - John Rutledge, Charles Cotesworth Pinckney,
Charles Cotesworth Pinckney, Charles Pinckney, South Carolina - John Rutledge,
Chief of the Army and Navy of the United The President shall be Commander in
Chief Justice shall preside: And no Person shall be United States is tried, the
choice shall have devolved upon them. whenever the right of
choice shall have devolved upon them, and for the case of the the right of
choice of electors for President and Vice-President of the United States,
choice of Representatives shall not choose a President whenever the right of
Choice of the President, the Person having the greatest every Case, after the
choice. But no person majority of the whole number shall be necessary to a
choice. And if the House a majority of all the states shall be necessary to a
Choice. In States, and a Majority of all the States shall be necessary to a
choose a Vice President death of any of the persons from whom the Senate may
choose a President whenever persons from whom the House of Representatives may
choose the Vice-President; a quorum for the on the list, the Senate shall
choose a President whenever the right of choice of Representatives shall not
choose immediately, by ballot, President, the House of Representatives shall
choose from should remain two or more who have equal Votes, the Senate shall
choose the President. But in choosing the President, the Votes shall be Manner
choose by Ballot one of them for President; and if no Person have a immediately
choose their other Officers, and also a President pro tempore, The Senate shall
choose their Speaker and other Officers; and The House of Representatives shall
choose three, made, the State of New Hampshire shall be entitled to
choosing the President, the votes shall be taken by the President. But in
choosing the Electors, and the Day on The Congress may determine the Time of
choosing the President, the Votes shall be Manner choose the President. But in
Choosing Senators. as to the Place of
chosen before the time fixed for President. If a President shall not have been
chosen before it becomes valid as part of the Constitution. any Senator
chosen for the same Term, be elected, as follows: with the Vice-President
chosen every second Year; and if Vacancies happen by Resignation, or otherwise,
chosen by the Legislature thereof, for six Years; and each Senator shall State,
chosen every second The House of Representatives shall be composed of Members
chosen. when elected, be an Inhabitant of that State for which he shall be
chosen.
Citizen of the United States, at No person except a natural born Citizen, or a
Citizen of the United States, and who shall not, Years, and been nine Years a
Citizen of the United States, and who twenty five Years, and been seven Years a
Citizen, or a Citizen of the United States, at No person except a natural born
citizens of the United States, who are eighteen years of age or 1. The right of
citizens of the United States to vote in any primary or other 1. The right of
citizens of the United States to vote shall not be denied or The right of
citizens of the United States to vote shall not be denied or 1. The right of
citizens twenty-one years of age in such State. number of male
citizens shall bear to the whole proportion which the number of such male
citizens of the inhabitants of such State, being twenty-one years of age, and
citizens of the United States; nor shall any the privileges or immunities of
citizens of the United States and of the State jurisdiction thereof, are
Citizens or Subjects of any Foreign State. by Citizens of another State, or by
Citizens of another State, or by Citizens or Subjects of any Foreign State. by
Citizens in the several States. of
Citizens of each State shall be entitled to all Privileges and Immunities The
Citizens or Subjects. State, or the Citizens thereof, and foreign States,
Citizens thereof, and foreign States, Citizens or Subjects. State, or the
Citizens of the another State; between Citizens of different States; between
Citizens of different States; between Citizens of the another State; between
Citizens of Controversies between two or more States; between a State and
civil or military, under the President and Vice-President, or hold any office,
civil Officers of the United States, The President, Vice President and all
civil Office under the Authority of the United States which be appointed to any
claim for in aid of insurrection or rebellion against the United States, or any
Claim be discharged from such Service or Labour, But shall be delivered up on
claiming Lands under Grants of different States, and between a same State
claims shall be held illegal and void.
Claims of the United States, or of any particular State. any
Class at the Expiration of the sixth Year, so that one third may be third
Class at the Expiration of the fourth Year, and of the Year, of the second
Class shall be vacated at the Expiration of the second Senators of the first
Classes. The Seats of the they shall be divided as equally as may be into three
Clauses in the Ninth Section of the first Article; and that no State, fourth
clear, or pay Duties in another. one State, be obliged to enter,
Clymer, Pennsylvania - Benjamin Franklin, Thomas Mifflin, Robert Morris, George
Coin a Tender in Payment of Debts; pass any Bill of Attainder, gold and silver
coin Money; emit Bills of Credit; make any Thing but of Marque and Reprisal;
Coin To provide for the Punishment of counterfeiting the Securities and current
coin Money, regulate the Value thereof, and of foreign Coin, and fix the To
Coin, and fix the To coin Money, regulate the Value thereof, and of foreign
collect taxes on incomes, from The Congress shall have power to lay and
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and The Congress shall have Power To lay and
color, or abridged by the United States or by any State on account of race,
comfort to the insurrection or rebellion against the same, or given aid or
Comfort. No Person them, or in adhering to their Enemies, giving them Aid and
Commander in Chief of the Army and Navy of the United The President shall be
commenced or prosecuted against one of the United States suit in law or equity,
Commerce or Revenue to the No Preference shall be given by any Regulation of
Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and To regulate
Commission all shall take Care that the Laws be faithfully executed, and shall
Commissions which shall expire at the End the Recess of the Senate, by granting
committed within any State, the Trial shall be at such committed; but when not
committed on the high Seas, and To define and punish Piracies and Felonies
committed, which district shall have been previously shall have been
committed; but when not committed within any State, the Trial shall be at such
common law. according to the rules of the
common law, where the value in controversy shall exceed twenty In Suits at
common Defence and general Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the
common establish Justice, insure domestic Tranquility, provide for the
Compact Troops, or Ships of War in time of Peace, enter into any Agreement or
compel the Attendance of absent Members, in such Manner, and authorized to
compelled in any to be twice put in jeopardy of life or limb; nor shall be
compensation for the services of the Senators and No law, varying the
Compensation which shall not be diminished during their their Services a
Compensation for their The Senators and Representatives shall receive a
Compensation, The President shall, at stated Times, receive for his Services, a
compensation. taken for public use, without just
composed of two Senators from each The Senate of the United States shall be
composed of two Senators from each The Senate of the United States shall be
composed of Members chosen every second The House of Representatives shall be
compulsory accusation; to be confronted with the witnesses against him; to have
concerned as well as of without the Consent of the Legislatures of the States
concerning To declare War, grant Letters of Marque and Reprisal, and make Rules
concur with Amendments as on other Bills. but the Senate may propose or
concur; and he shall Treaties, provided two thirds of the Senators present
Concurrence of the Senate and Every Order, Resolution, or Vote to which the
Concurrence of two-thirds, expel a Member. disorderly Behavior, and, with the
Concurrence of two thirds of the Members present. convicted without the
concurrent power to enforce 2. The Congress and the several States shall have
condition of servitude. previous
Confederation. Constitution, as under the
Confederation; grant Letters No State shall enter into any Treaty, Alliance, or
Confession in open Court. same overt Act, or on
confirmation by a majority vote of both Houses of Congress.
confronted with the witnesses against him; to have compulsory accusation; to be
Congress shall have power to enforce this article by appropriate 2. The
Congress is required to assemble, determines by within twenty one days after
Congress is not in session, receipt of the latter written declaration, or, if
Congress shall decide the issue, assembling within forty eight hours for that
Congress may by law provide, the executive department or of such other body as
Congress may by law of the executive departments or of such other body as
Congress shall have power to enforce this article by appropriate 2. The
Congress shall have power to enforce this article by appropriate 2. The
Congress to which the District would be entitled if it were Representatives in
Congress may direct: A number of electors of appoint in such manner as the
Congress may by law provide for the case of the death of any of the 4. The
Congress may by law provide for the case wherein shall have qualified; and the
Congress shall assemble at least once in every year, and such meeting 2. The
Congress shall have power to enforce this article by appropriate legislation.
Congress and the several States shall have concurrent power to enforce 2. The
Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes on incomes, from The
Congress shall have power to enforce this article by appropriate 2. The
Congress shall have power to enforce, by appropriate legislation, the 5. The
Congress may by a vote of two-thirds of each House, remove enemies thereof. But
Congress shall have power to enforce this article by appropriate 2.
Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or
Congress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and The
Congress into this Union; but no new States New States may be admitted by the
Congress may by general and judicial Proceedings of every other State. And the
Congress shall have power to declare the Punishment of Treason, but no The
Congress may by Law have directed. Place or Places as the
Congress shall make. under such Regulations as the
Congress may from time to time ordain and and in such inferior Courts as the
Congress Information of the State of the He shall from time to time give to the
Congress otherwise provided for, and which shall be established by Law: but the
Congress may by Office, the same shall devolve on the Vice President, and the
Congress may determine the Time of choosing the Electors, and the Day on The
Congress prior to shall think proper to admit, shall not be prohibited by the
Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and The
Congress by their Adjournment in like Manner as if he had signed it, unless the
Congress shall assemble at least once in every Year, and such Meeting shall The
Congress may at any time by Law make or alter such Regulations, except but the
Congress of the United States, and within every subsequent Term of ten of the
Congress of the All legislative Powers herein granted shall be vested in a
Congress, within twenty one days after purpose if not in session. If the
Congress, shall not be Vice President, or for Senator or Representative in
Congress, and shall not prevent any person who may Article was proposed by the
Congress, or as an officer of the United States, or as a member of member of
Congress, or elector of 3. No person shall be a Senator or Representative in
Congress, the Executive and Judicial officers of a State, or Representatives in
Congress, whenever two thirds of both Houses shall deem it necessary, shall The
Congress, lay any duty of Tonnage, keep No State shall, without the Consent of
Congress, lay any Imposts or Duties No State shall, without the Consent of the
Congress, accept of any present, Emolument, Office, or Title, of any kind the
Congress, become the Seat of the Government of the United the acceptance of
Congress, shall, without the Consent of Neither House, during the Session of
Congress. confirmation by a majority vote of both Houses of
Congress. by the
Congress. to the States by the
Congress. submission hereof to the States by the
Congress. the
Congress. of the
Congress: but no Senator or to which the State may be entitled in the
Congress; Provided that no Amendment which may be made prior to the Year One
Congress; prescribed by
Connecticut - William Samuel Johnson, Roger Sherman
Connecticut Massachusetts eight, Rhode Island and Providence Plantations one,
consent of the Owner, nor in time of war, but in a manner to be prescribed by
Consent of the States present the Done in Convention by the Unanimous
Consent of the Legislatures of the States concerned as well as of without the
Consent of the Senate, shall appoint nominate, and by and with the Advice and
Consent of the Senate, to make He shall have Power, by and with the Advice and
Consent of Congress, lay any duty of Tonnage, keep No State shall, without the
Consent of the Congress, lay any Imposts or Duties No State shall, without the
Consent of holding any Office of Profit or Trust under them, shall, without the
Consent States, and to exercise like Authority over all Places purchased by the
Consent of Neither House, during the Session of Congress, shall, without the
Consent, shall be deprived of its equal Suffrage in the Senate. without its
Consequence of any Law or Regulation therein, escaping into another, shall, in
Consequence of Appropriations No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in
Consequence of the first Election, Immediately after they shall be assembled in
Consideration such Measures as he shall judge Union, and recommend to their
considered, for addition to those appointed by the States, but they shall be
consist of two-thirds of the whole number of Senators, and a purpose shall
consist of a member or members from two-thirds of the states, and purpose shall
consist only in levying War against Treason against the United States, shall
consist of a Member or Members from two-thirds of the for this Purpose shall
consist of a Senate and House of Representatives. United States, which shall
constitute Tribunals inferior to the supreme Court; To
constitute a Quorum to do its own Members, and a Majority of each shall
constituting the seat of Government of the United States shall 1. The District
Constitution by the legislatures of three-fourths of the amendment to the
Constitution by conventions in the several States, as provided amendment to the
Constitution of the United States 1. The eighteenth article of amendment to the
Constitution by the legislatures of three-fourths of the amendment to the
Constitution by the legislatures of the several States, as amendment to the
Constitution of the United States, shall have engaged in support the
Constitution between the States so ratifying the Same. Establishment of this
Constitution or Judges in every State shall be bound thereby, any Thing in the
Constitution shall be so construed as to Prejudice States; and nothing in this
Constitution of the United States." protect and defend the
Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or
Constitution for the ourselves and our Posterity, do ordain and establish this
Constitution, within seven years from the date of the submission hereof in the
Constitution, within seven years from the date of the provided in the
Constitution, nor The powers not delegated to the United States by the
Constitution, of certain rights, shall not be construed The enumeration in the
Constitution, and the Laws of the United States which shall be made in This
Constitution, as under the Confederation.
Constitution, shall be as valid against the United States under this
Constitution, when ratified by the Legislatures of Purposes, as part of this
Constitution, or, on the Application of the propose Amendments to this
Constitution, the Laws of the United States, and Treaties made, or which this
Constitution, shall be eligible to the Office the time of the Adoption of this
Constitution. any Senator chosen before it becomes valid as part of the
Constitution; but no religious Test shall ever be Affirmation, to support this
constitutional disability of the President.
constitutionally ineligible to the office of President shall be eligible to
construed as to affect the election or term of This amendment shall not be so
construed to extend to any The Judicial power of the United States shall not be
construed The enumeration in the Constitution, of certain rights, shall not be
construed as to Prejudice States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so
Consuls, and In all Cases affecting Ambassadors, other public Ministers and
Consuls, Judges of the supreme Court, Ambassadors, other public Ministers and
Consuls; to all Cases of admiralty and maritime public Ministers and
Continuance in Office.
Continuance in Office. shall be a Member of either House during his
continue to discharge powers and duties of his office, the Vice President shall
contracted and Engagements entered into, before the Adoption of this All Debts
Contracts, or grant any ex post facto Law, or Law impairing the Obligation of
Contrary notwithstanding. Laws of any State to the
contrary, such powers and duties transmits to them a written declaration to the
Control United States; and all such Laws shall be subject to the Revision and
Controversies between two or more States; between a State and Citizens of
Controversies to which the United States shall be a Party; to Jurisdiction; to
controversy shall exceed twenty In Suits at common law, where the value in
convene both necessary and expedient; he may, on extraordinary Occasions,
convened) against domestic Violence. cannot be
Convention by the Unanimous Consent of the States present the Done in
Convention for Legislatures of two thirds of the several States, shall call a
conventions in the several States, as provided amendment to the Constitution by
Conventions of nine States, shall be sufficient for the The Ratification of the
Conventions in three fourths three fourths of the several States, or by
convicted of Treason unless on the Testimony of two Witnesses to the shall be
convicted shall nevertheless be Profit under the United States: but the Party
convicted without the Concurrence of two thirds of the Members present.
convicted, shall exist within the United whereof the party shall have been duly
Conviction of, Treason, shall be removed from Office on Impeachment for, and
Corpus shall not be suspended, unless when The privilege of the Writ of Habeas
Corruption of Blood, or Forfeiture except Attainder of Treason shall work
Cotesworth Pinckney, Charles Pinckney, South Carolina - John Rutledge, Charles
Counsel for his defence.
counted. The Person having the greatest Number of Votes Votes shall then be
counted; Representatives, open all the certificates and the votes shall then be
counterfeiting the Securities and current Coin To provide for the Punishment of
counting the whole number of persons in each State, their respective numbers,
Court of the United States, than jury, shall be otherwise re-examined in any
Court shall Jurisdiction. In all the other Cases before mentioned, the supreme
Court shall have original those in which a State shall be Party, the supreme
Court, The judicial Power of the United States, shall be vested in one supreme
Court, Ambassadors, other public Ministers and Consuls, Judges of the supreme
Court. same overt Act, or on Confession in open
Court; To constitute Tribunals inferior to the supreme
Courts as the Congress may from time to time ordain and and in such inferior
Courts of Law, or in the Heads of proper, in the President alone, in the
Courts, shall hold establish. The Judges, both of the supreme and inferior
created, or the Emoluments whereof shall have been increased shall have been
Credit shall be given in each State to the public Acts, Records, Full Faith and
credit of the United States; To borrow money on the
Credit; make any Thing but of Marque and Reprisal; coin Money; emit Bills of
crime 1. Neither slavery nor involuntary servitude, except as a punishment for
crime public trial, by an impartial jury of the State and district wherein the
crime, the basis of representation therein shall be reduced in the or other
crime, No person shall be held to answer for a capital, or otherwise infamous
Crime, who shall A Person charged in any State with Treason, Felony, or other
Crime. removed to the State having Jurisdiction of the
Crimes shall have been such Trial shall be held in the State where the said
Crimes and Misdemeanors. Bribery, or other high
Crimes, except in Cases of Impeachment, shall be by Jury; and The Trial of all
criminal prosecutions, the accused shall enjoy the right to a speedy and In all
criminal case to be a witness against himself, nor be deprived of life,
cruel Excessive bail shall not be required, nor excessive fines imposed, nor
current Coin To provide for the Punishment of counterfeiting the Securities and
Danger as will not admit of delay. invaded, or in such imminent
danger; nor shall any person be subject for the same offense of War or public
Daniel Carroll Maryland - James McHenry, Daniel of St Thomas Jenifer,
Daniel of St Thomas Jenifer, Daniel Carroll Maryland - James McHenry,
date of its submission to the States several States within seven years from the
date of the submission hereof in the Constitution, within seven years from the
date of its submission. several States within seven years from the
date of the provided in the Constitution, within seven years from the
David Brearley, William Paterson, Jonathan New Jersey - William Livingston,
day of October following the 5. Sections 1 and 2 shall take effect on the 15th
day of January, unless they shall by law appoint shall begin at noon on the 3d
day of January, of the years in which such terms would have ended if this
day of January, and the terms of Senators and Representatives at noon on the 3d
day of March next following, then shall devolve upon them, before the fourth
Day of September in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred Seventeenth
Day shall be the same throughout the which they shall give their Votes; which
Day on The Congress may determine the Time of choosing the Electors, and the
day to day, and may be Business; but a smaller number may adjourn from
day, and may be Business; but a smaller number may adjourn from day to
day. a different
Day. different
days after Congress is required to assemble, determines by within twenty one
days after purpose if not in session. If the Congress, within twenty one
days to the President pro tempore of the Senate and the transmit within four
Days (Sundays any Bill shall not be returned by the President within ten
days, nor to any other Place than that the other, adjourn for more than three
Dayton
death or 1. In case of the removal of the President from office or of his
death of any of the persons from whom the Senate may choose a Vice President
death of any of the 4. The Congress may by law provide for the case of the
death or other the Vice-President shall act as President, as in the case of the
Death, Resignation or Inability, both of Law provide for the Case of Removal,
Death, In Case of the Removal of the President from Office, or of his
Debate in either House, they shall not be questioned in any other any Speech or
debt or obligation incurred United States nor any State shall assume or pay any
debt of the United States, authorized by law, 4. The validity of the public
debts incurred for payment of pensions and bounties for services in including
Debts contracted and Engagements entered into, before the Adoption of this All
Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Excises, to pay the
debts, obligations and the loss or emancipation of any slave; but all such
Debts; pass any Bill of Attainder, gold and silver Coin a Tender in Payment of
December, unless they shall by Law appoint a be on the first Monday in
decide the issue, assembling within forty eight hours for that Congress shall
declaration that the Speaker of the House of Representatives their written
declaration Senate and the Speaker of the House of Representatives his written
declaration that the President is the House of Representatives their written
declaration to the contrary, such powers and duties transmits to them a written
declaration that he and the Speaker of the House of Representatives his written
declaration, or, if Congress is not in session, receipt of the latter written
declare the Punishment of Treason, but no The Congress shall have power to
declare War, grant Letters of Marque and Reprisal, and make Rules concerning To
declaring who shall then act as President, or the manner in which one who is to
declaring what Officer shall then act as the President and Vice President,
deem it necessary, shall The Congress, whenever two thirds of both Houses shall
Defence and general Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common
defence, promote the general Welfare, and secure the Blessings of Liberty to
defence. Counsel for his
defend the Constitution of the United States." protect and
define and punish Piracies and Felonies committed on the high Seas, and To
Delaware - George Read, Gunning Bedford Jr., John Dickinson, Richard Bassett,
Delaware one, Maryland five, New York six, New Jersey four, Pennsylvania eight,
delay. invaded, or in such imminent Danger as will not admit of
delegated to the United States by the Constitution, nor The powers not
delivered up on Claim be discharged from such Service or Labour, But shall be
delivered up, to be executive Authority of the State from which he fled, be
delivery or use therein of intoxicating liquors, in of the United States for
demand of the flee from Justice, and be found in another State, shall on
denied or abridged by the United States or by any older, to vote shall not be
denied or abridged by the United States or any State by reason of failure to
denied or The right of citizens of the United States to vote shall not be
denied or 1. The right of citizens of the United States to vote shall not be
denied to any of the male the members of the Legislature thereof, is
deny to any person within its jurisdiction the equal protection of the law; nor
deny or disparage others retained by the people. to
department or of such other body as Congress may by law provide, the executive
Department or Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any
departments or of such other body as Congress may by law of the executive
Departments, upon any subject principal Officer in each of the executive
Departments.
deprive any person of life, liberty, or property, without due process of State
deprived of life, criminal case to be a witness against himself, nor be
deprived of its equal Suffrage in the Senate. without its Consent, shall be
deputy from Virginia George Washington - President and
derived, without apportionment among the several States, and whatever source
describing the place to be searched, and the affirmation, and particularly
Desire of one fifth of those Present, be entered on the Journal. shall, at the
determine the Time of choosing the Electors, and the Day on The Congress may
determine the Rules of its Proceedings, punish its Members for Each House may
determined by Yeas and Nays, and the Names of the Persons voting for and
determined by adding to the whole Number of free Persons, which shall be
determines by within twenty one days after Congress is required to assemble,
devolve upon them, before the fourth day of March next following, then shall
devolve on the Vice President, and the Congress may by Office, the same shall
devolved upon them. whenever the right of choice shall have
devolved upon them, and for the case of the the right of choice shall have
Dickinson, Richard Bassett, Delaware - George Read, Gunning Bedford Jr., John
died, the Vice President elect shall become President elect shall have
different day. a
different States, and between a same State claiming Lands under Grants of
different States; between Citizens of the another State; between Citizens of
different Day.
diminished during their their Services a Compensation which shall not be
diminished during the Period for which he which shall neither be increased nor
direct Taxes shall be apportioned among the several States Representatives and
direct, Each State shall appoint, in such Manner as the Legislature thereof may
direct, Tax shall be laid, unless in Proportion to the No capitation, or other
direct. vacancies by election as the legislature may
direct. The Number of Years, in such Manner as they shall by Law
direct: A number of electors of appoint in such manner as the Congress may
directed to the President of the seat of the government of the United States,
directed to transmit sealed to the Seat of the Government of the United States,
directed to be taken. Census or Enumeration herein before
directed. Place or Places as the Congress may by Law have
disability of the President. constitutional
Disability be President, and such Officer shall act accordingly, until the
disability. such
Disagreement between them, with Houses, or either of them, and in Case of
disapproved by him, shall shall take Effect, shall be approved by him, or being
discharge powers and duties of his office, the Vice President shall continue to
discharge the two thirds vote of both Houses that the President is unable to
discharge the powers and duties of his office. Thereupon President is unable to
discharge the powers and duties of his office, the Vice President unable to
discharge the powers and duties of his office, and until he is unable to
discharge the Powers and Duties of the said Resignation, or Inability to
discharged by the Vice President as Acting President. shall be
discharged from such Service or Labour, But shall be delivered up on Claim be
discipline and the Authority of training the Militia according to the
disciplining, the Militia, and for To provide for organizing, arming, and
Discoveries; and
disorderly Behavior, and, with the Concurrence of two-thirds, expel a Member.
disparage others retained by the people. to deny or
dispose of and make all needful Rules and The Congress shall have Power to
disqualification to hold and enjoy any Office of honor, Trust or Office, and
distinct lists of all persons voted for as Vice-President, and they shall make
distinct ballots the person voted for as voted for as President, and in
District and perform such appointed by a State; and they shall meet in the
District would be entitled if it were Representatives in Congress to which the
District constituting the seat of Government of the United States shall 1. The
district shall have been previously shall have been committed, which
district wherein the crime public trial, by an impartial jury of the State and
District To exercise exclusive Legislation in all Cases whatsoever, over such
divided as equally as may be into three Classes. The Seats of the they shall be
divided. shall have no Vote, unless they be equally
do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I will faithfully execute the Office of "I
do its own Members, and a Majority of each shall constitute a Quorum to
do ordain and establish this Constitution for the ourselves and our Posterity,
Dobbs Spaight, Hugh Williamson North Carolina - William Blount, Richard
dock-Yards, and other needful Buildings; And Forts, Magazines, Arsenals,
dollars for each Person. on such Importation, not exceeding ten
dollars, the right of trial by jury shall be preserved, and no fact tried by a
domestic Violence. cannot be convened) against
domestic Tranquility, provide for the common establish Justice, insure
Done in Convention by the Unanimous Consent of the States present the
drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations No Money shall be
due process of State deprive any person of life, liberty, or property, without
due process of law; nor shall private property be liberty, or property, without
due. of the Party to whom such Service or Labour may be
duly convicted, shall exist within the United whereof the party shall have been
during the remainder of such term. President or acting as President
during the term be holding the office of President, or acting as President,
during the Life of the Person attainted.
during their their Services a Compensation which shall not be diminished
during good Behavior, and shall, at stated Times, receive for their Offices
during The President shall have Power to fill up all Vacancies that may happen
during the Period for which he which shall neither be increased nor diminished
during the Term of four Years, and, together America. He shall hold his Office
during his Continuance in Office. shall be a Member of either House
during such time; and no Person holding any Office under the United States,
during the Time for which he was elected, No Senator or Representative shall,
during their Attendance at the Session of Peace, be privileged from Arrest
during the Session of Congress, shall, without the Consent of Neither House,
during the Recess of the Legislature of any State, the Executive thereof may
duties of his office. and
duties of his office, the Vice President shall continue to discharge powers and
duties of his office. Thereupon President is unable to discharge the powers and
duties of his office that no inability exists, he shall resume the powers and
duties of the office as Acting shall immediately assume the powers and
duties of his office, the Vice President unable to discharge the powers and
duties transmits to them a written declaration to the contrary, such powers and
duties of his office, and until he is unable to discharge the powers and
duties as provided by the twelfth article of amendment.
Duties of their respective Offices, and he shall have Power to relating to the
Duties of the said Resignation, or Inability to discharge the Powers and
Duties and Imposts, laid by its inspection Laws: and the net Produce of all
Duties No State shall, without the Consent of the Congress, lay any Imposts or
Duties in another. one State, be obliged to enter, clear, or pay
Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be Welfare of the United States; but all
Duties, Imposts and The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes,
duty of Tonnage, keep No State shall, without the Consent of Congress, lay any
Duty shall be laid on Articles exported from any State. No Tax or
duty may be imposed the Year one thousand eight hundred and eight, but a tax or
each State shall have the qualifications have one vote. The electors in
each Senator shall State, elected by the people thereof, for six years; and
each The Senate of the United States shall be composed of two Senators from
each House, remove enemies thereof. But Congress may by a vote of two-thirds of
each State, their respective numbers, counting the whole number of persons in
each state having one vote; a quorum for this states, the representation from
each of them against Invasion; and on Form of Government, and shall protect
each State shall be entitled to all Privileges and Immunities The Citizens of
each State to the public Acts, Records, Full Faith and Credit shall be given in
each of the executive Departments, upon any subject principal Officer in
each State having one Vote; a quorum taken by States, the Representation from
Each State shall appoint, in such Manner as the Legislature thereof may direct,
each Person. on such Importation, not exceeding ten dollars for
each House respectively. If against the Bill shall be entered on the Journal of
Each House shall keep a Journal of its Proceedings, and from time to time
Each House may determine the Rules of its Proceedings, punish its Members for
each House may provide. under such Penalties as
each shall constitute a Quorum to do its own Members, and a Majority of
Each House shall be the Judge of the Elections, Returns and Qualifications of
each State by the Legislature thereof; Representatives, shall be prescribed in
each Senator shall State, chosen by the Legislature thereof, for six Years; and
each The Senate of the United States shall be composed of two Senators from
each State Representatives shall not exceed one for every thirty Thousand, but
each State shall Year by the People of the several States, and the Electors in
each, which lists they shall sign and certify, and transmit sealed to votes for
each; which List they shall sign and certify, and of the Number of Votes for
effect on the 15th day of October following the 5. Sections 1 and 2 shall take
Effect thereof. proved, and the
effect, until an election of Representatives shall Representatives, shall take
Effect, shall be approved by him, or being disapproved by him, shall shall take
effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not be violated, and
eight hours for that Congress shall decide the issue, assembling within forty
eight shall in any Manner affect the first and thousand eight hundred and
eight hundred and eight shall in any Manner affect the first and thousand
eight hundred and eight, but a tax or duty may be imposed the Year one thousand
eight, but a tax or duty may be imposed the Year one thousand eight hundred and
eight, Delaware one, Maryland five, New York six, New Jersey four, Pennsylvania
eight, Rhode Island and Providence Plantations one, Connecticut Massachusetts
eighteen years of age or 1. The right of citizens of the United States, who are
eighteenth article of amendment to the Constitution of the United States 1. The
Eighty seven and of the Independence of the United States of America the and
either the principal officers of unless the Vice President and a majority of
either the principal officers 4. Whenever the Vice President and a majority of
either Case, shall be valid to all Intents and proposing Amendments, which, in
either of them, and in Case of Disagreement between them, with Houses, or
either House during his Continuance in Office. shall be a Member of
either House, they shall not be questioned in any other any Speech or Debate in
either House on any question Secrecy; and the Yeas and Nays of the Members of
elect shall have qualified, neither a President elect nor a Vice President
elect nor a Vice President elect shall have qualified, neither a President
elect shall act as President until a President qualify, then the Vice President
elect shall have failed to the beginning of his term, or if the President
elect shall become President elect shall have died, the Vice President
elect shall have died, the Vice President elect shall become President
elected to the office of the President more than once. But this shall be
elected President more than two years of a term to which some other person was
elected to the office of the President more than twice, 1. No person shall be
elected by the people thereof, for six years; and each Senator shall State,
elected, and he shall not receive within that Period any other shall have been
elected, as follows: with the Vice-President chosen for the same Term, be
elected, No Senator or Representative shall, during the Time for which he was
elected, be an Inhabitant of that State for which he shall be chosen. when
elected, be an Inhabitant of that State in which he shall be shall not, when
elected. removed, or a President shall be
election of Representatives shall Representatives, shall take effect, until an
election for President or Vice President, for electors for President or
election of President and Vice President, to be electors the purposes of the
election or term of This amendment shall not be so construed as to affect the
election as the legislature may direct. vacancies by
election to fill such executive authority of such State shall issue writs of
election for the excluding Indians not taxed. But when the right to vote at any
Election to fill such Vacancies. Authority thereof shall issue Writs of
Election, Immediately after they shall be assembled in Consequence of the first
Elections for Senators and The Times, Places and Manner of holding
Elections, Returns and Qualifications of Each House shall be the Judge of the
elector of 3. No person shall be a Senator or Representative in Congress, or
Elector. States, shall be appointed an
electors for President or election for President or Vice President, for
electors the purposes of the election of President and Vice President, to be
electors of appoint in such manner as the Congress may direct: A number of
electors of the most numerous branch of the State legislatures. requisite for
electors in each State shall have the qualifications have one vote. The
electors for President and Vice-President of the United States, choice of
Electors Vice-President, if such number be a majority of the whole number of
Electors President, if such number be a majority of the whole number of
Electors shall meet in their respective states, and vote by ballot for The
Electors shall be the Vice President. But if there Number of Votes of the
Electors appointed; and if there be more than one who have such Majority, and
Electors shall meet in their respective States, and vote by Ballot for two The
Electors of the most numerous Branch of have the Qualifications requisite for
Electors in each State shall Year by the People of the several States, and the
Electors, and the Day on The Congress may determine the Time of choosing the
Electors, equal to the whole Number of Senators and Representatives a Number of
eligible to constitutionally ineligible to the office of President shall be
eligible to that Office who shall not of President; neither shall any Person be
eligible to the Office the time of the Adoption of this Constitution, shall be
emancipation of any slave; but all such debts, obligations and the loss or
emit Bills of Credit; make any Thing but of Marque and Reprisal; coin Money;
Emolument from the United States, or any of them.
Emolument, Office, or Title, of any kind the Congress, accept of any present,
Emoluments whereof shall have been increased shall have been created, or the
employed in the Service of the United governing such Part of them as may be
empower the vacancies: Provided, That the legislature of any State may
end at noon on the 20th 1. The terms of the President and Vice President shall
End the Recess of the Senate, by granting Commissions which shall expire at the
ended if this day of January, of the years in which such terms would have
enemies thereof. But Congress may by a vote of two-thirds of each House, remove
Enemies, giving them Aid and Comfort. No Person them, or in adhering to their
enforce this article by appropriate 2. The Congress shall have power to
enforce this article by appropriate 2. The Congress shall have power to
enforce this article by appropriate 2. The Congress shall have power to
enforce this article by appropriate legislation. Congress shall have power to
enforce 2. The Congress and the several States shall have concurrent power to
enforce this article by appropriate 2. The Congress shall have power to
enforce any law which shall abridge wherein they reside. No State shall make or
enforce this article by appropriate 2. Congress shall have power to
enforce, by appropriate legislation, the 5. The Congress shall have power to
engage in War, unless actually with another State, or with a foreign Power, or
engaged in support the Constitution of the United States, shall have
Engagements entered into, before the Adoption of this All Debts contracted and
enjoy the right to a speedy and In all criminal prosecutions, the accused shall
enjoy any Office of honor, Trust or Office, and disqualification to hold and
enter on the Execution of his Office, he shall take the following Before he
enter into any Agreement or Compact Troops, or Ships of War in time of Peace,
enter into any Treaty, Alliance, or Confederation; grant Letters No State shall
enter the Objections to that House in which it shall have originated, who shall
enter, clear, or pay Duties in another. one State, be obliged to
entered into, before the Adoption of this All Debts contracted and Engagements
entered on the Journal of each House respectively. If against the Bill shall be
entered on the Journal. shall, at the Desire of one fifth of those Present, be
entitled if it were Representatives in Congress to which the District would be
entitled to all Privileges and Immunities The Citizens of each State shall be
entitled in the Congress: but no Senator or to which the State may be
entitled to choose three, made, the State of New Hampshire shall be
enumeration in the Constitution, of certain rights, shall not be construed The
Enumeration herein before directed to be taken. Census or
enumeration shall be shall have at Least one Representative; and until such
Enumeration shall be made within three Years after the first Meeting The actual
enumeration. without regard to any census or
equal to the whole number of Senators and President and Vice President
equal protection of the law; nor deny to any person within its jurisdiction the
equal Suffrage in the Senate. without its Consent, shall be deprived of its
equal Votes, the Senate shall choose from should remain two or more who have
equal Number of Votes, then the House of Representatives shall have an
equal to the whole Number of Senators and Representatives a Number of Electors,
equally divided. shall have no Vote, unless they be
equally as may be into three Classes. The Seats of the they shall be divided as
equity, commenced or prosecuted against one of the United States suit in law or
Equity, arising under The judicial Power shall extend to all Cases, in Law and
erected within the Jurisdiction of any other State; nor any shall be formed or
Erection of of the Legislature of the State in which the Same shall be, for the
escaping into another, shall, in Consequence of any Law or Regulation therein,
establish Post Offices and Post Roads; To
establish an uniform Rule of Naturalization, and uniform Laws on the subject To
establish this Constitution for the ourselves and our Posterity, do ordain and
establish Justice, insure domestic Tranquility, provide for the common
establish. The Judges, both of the supreme and inferior Courts, shall hold
established by Law: but the Congress otherwise provided for, and which shall be
establishment of religion, or Congress shall make no law respecting an
Establishment of this Constitution between the States so ratifying the Same.
event more than the least populous State; they shall be in a State, but in no
ever be Affirmation, to support this Constitution; but no religious Test shall
every year, and such meeting 2. The Congress shall assemble at least once in
every State shall be bound thereby, any Thing in the Constitution or Judges in
every State in this Union a Republican The United States shall guarantee to
every other State. And the Congress may by general and judicial Proceedings of
every Case, after the Choice of the President, the Person having the greatest
Every Order, Resolution, or Vote to which the Concurrence of the Senate and
Every Bill which shall have passed the House of Representatives and the Senate,
every Year, and such Meeting shall The Congress shall assemble at least once in
every second Year; and if Vacancies happen by Resignation, or otherwise, chosen
every thirty Thousand, but each State Representatives shall not exceed one for
every subsequent Term of ten of the Congress of the United States, and within
every second The House of Representatives shall be composed of Members chosen
ex post facto Law, or Law impairing the Obligation of Contracts, or grant any
ex post facto Law shall be passed. No Bill of Attainder or
exceed twenty In Suits at common law, where the value in controversy shall
exceed one for every thirty Thousand, but each State Representatives shall not
exceeding three on the list of those voted for as the highest numbers not
exceeding ten dollars for each Person. on such Importation, not
exceeding ten Miles square) as may, by Cession of particular States, and (not
except for participation in rebellion, United States, or in any way abridged,
except as a punishment for crime 1. Neither slavery nor involuntary servitude,
except in cases arising unless on a presentment or indictment of a Grand Jury,
except Attainder of Treason shall work Corruption of Blood, or Forfeiture
except in Cases of Impeachment, shall be by Jury; and The Trial of all Crimes,
except in Grant Reprieves and Pardons for Offenses against the United States,
except a natural born Citizen, or a Citizen of the United States, at No person
except what may be absolutely necessary for executing on Imports or Exports,
except Treason, Felony and Breach of the States. They shall in all Cases,
except but the Congress may at any time by Law make or alter such Regulations,
excepted) after it shall have been presented to him, the Same shall be a Law,
excepting such Parts as may in their Judgment require publish the same,
Exceptions, and have appellate Jurisdiction, both as to Law and Fact, with such
excessive fines imposed, nor cruel Excessive bail shall not be required, nor
Excessive bail shall not be required, nor excessive fines imposed, nor cruel
Excises shall be Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and
Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general
excluding Indians not taxed. But when the right to vote at any election for the
excluding Indians not including those bound to Service for a Term of Years, and
exclusive Legislation in all Cases whatsoever, over such District To exercise
exclusive Right to their respective Writings Times to Authors and Inventors the
execute the Office of "I do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I will faithfully
execute the Laws of the Union, To provide for calling forth the Militia to
executed, and shall Commission all shall take Care that the Laws be faithfully
executing on Imports or Exports, except what may be absolutely necessary for
Execution of his Office, he shall take the following Before he enter on the
Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this
executive department or of such other body as Congress may by law provide, the
executive departments or of such other body as Congress may by law of the
executive thereof to make temporary appointments until the people fill the
executive authority of such State shall issue writs of election to fill such
executive or judicial officer of any State, to any State legislature, or as an
Executive and Judicial officers of a State, or Representatives in Congress, the
executive and judicial Officers, both of several State Legislatures, and all
Executive (when the Legislature Application of the Legislature, or of the
executive Authority of the State from which he fled, be delivered up, to be
executive Departments, upon any subject principal Officer in each of the
executive Power shall be vested in a President of the United States of The
Executive thereof may during the Recess of the Legislature of any State, the
Executive When vacancies happen in the Representation from any State, the
exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or prohibiting the free
exercise like Authority over all Places purchased by the Consent States, and to
exercise exclusive Legislation in all Cases whatsoever, over such District To
exercise the Office of in the absence of the Vice President, or when he shall
exist within the United whereof the party shall have been duly convicted, shall
existing The Migration or Importation of such Persons as any of the States now
exists, he shall resume the powers and duties of his office that no inability
expedient; he may, on extraordinary Occasions, convene both necessary and
expel a Member. disorderly Behavior, and, with the Concurrence of two-thirds,
Expenditures of all public Money shall be published from time to time.
Expiration of the sixth Year, so that one third may be third Class at the
Expiration of the fourth Year, and of the Year, of the second Class at the
Expiration of the second Senators of the first Class shall be vacated at the
expire at the End the Recess of the Senate, by granting Commissions which shall
exportation thereof from the United States and all territory subject to or the
exported from any State. No Tax or Duty shall be laid on Articles
Exports, shall be for the Use of the Treasury of the any State on Imports or
Exports, except what may be absolutely necessary for executing on Imports or
extend to any The Judicial power of the United States shall not be construed to
extend to all Cases, in Law and Equity, arising under The judicial Power shall
extend further than to removal from Judgment in Cases of Impeachment shall not
extraordinary Occasions, convene both necessary and expedient; he may, on
fact tried by a dollars, the right of trial by jury shall be preserved, and no
Fact, with such Exceptions, and have appellate Jurisdiction, both as to Law and
facto Law, or Law impairing the Obligation of Contracts, or grant any ex post
facto Law shall be passed. No Bill of Attainder or ex post
failed to the beginning of his term, or if the President elect shall have
failure to denied or abridged by the United States or any State by reason of
Faith and Credit shall be given in each State to the public Acts, Records, Full
faithfully executed, and shall Commission all shall take Care that the Laws be
faithfully execute the Office of "I do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I will
favor, and to have the Assistance of process for obtaining witnesses in his
Felonies committed on the high Seas, and To define and punish Piracies and
Felony and Breach of the States. They shall in all Cases, except Treason,
Felony, or other Crime, who shall A Person charged in any State with Treason,
Few, Abraham Baldwin Georgia - William
fifth of those Present, be entered on the Journal. shall, at the Desire of one
fifths of all other Persons. taxed, three
fill the executive thereof to make temporary appointments until the people
fill such executive authority of such State shall issue writs of election to
fill up all Vacancies that may happen during The President shall have Power to
fill such Vacancies. shall then
fill such Vacancies. Authority thereof shall issue Writs of Election to
fines imposed, nor cruel Excessive bail shall not be required, nor excessive
first Article; and that no State, fourth Clauses in the Ninth Section of the
first and thousand eight hundred and eight shall in any Manner affect the
first Monday in December, unless they shall by Law appoint a be on the
first Class shall be vacated at the Expiration of the second Senators of the
first Election, Immediately after they shall be assembled in Consequence of the
first Meeting The actual Enumeration shall be made within three Years after the
Fitzsimons, Jared Ingersoll, James Wilson, Gouvernour Morris Thomas
five highest on the List the said House shall in like Majority, then from the
five and Georgia three. six, Virginia ten, North Carolina five, South Carolina
five Years, and been seven Years a Citizen of the United States, and who twenty
five, South Carolina five and Georgia three. six, Virginia ten, North Carolina
five, New York six, New Jersey four, Pennsylvania eight, Delaware one, Maryland
fix the To coin Money, regulate the Value thereof, and of foreign Coin, and
fixed for President. If a President shall not have been chosen before the time
fixed for the beginning of the term of the President, the 3. If, at the time
fled, be delivered up, to be executive Authority of the State from which he
flee from Justice, and be found in another State, shall on demand of the
following the 5. Sections 1 and 2 shall take effect on the 15th day of October
following Before he enter on the Execution of his Office, he shall take the
following, then shall devolve upon them, before the fourth day of March next
follows: with the Vice-President chosen for the same Term, be elected, as
for the services of the Senators and No law, varying the compensation
for that Congress shall decide the issue, assembling within forty eight hours
for Senator or Representative in Congress, shall not be Vice President, or
for President or election for President or Vice President, for electors
for electors for President or election for President or Vice President,
for President or Vice President, for electors for President or election
for addition to those appointed by the States, but they shall be considered,
for and no person who has held the office of President, or acted as President,
for delivery or use therein of intoxicating liquors, in of the United States
for the case of the the right of choice shall have devolved upon them, and
for the case of the death of any of the 4. The Congress may by law provide
for the case wherein shall have qualified; and the Congress may by law provide
for President. If a President shall not have been chosen before the time fixed
for the beginning of the term of the President, the 3. If, at the time fixed
for beverage purposes is hereby prohibited. the jurisdiction thereof
for electors of the most numerous branch of the State legislatures. requisite
for six years; and each Senator shall State, elected by the people thereof,
for in aid of insurrection or rebellion against the United States, or any claim
for services in including debts incurred for payment of pensions and bounties
for payment of pensions and bounties for services in including debts incurred
for participation in rebellion, United States, or in any way abridged, except
for President and Vice-President of the United States, choice of electors
for the excluding Indians not taxed. But when the right to vote at any election
for crime 1. Neither slavery nor involuntary servitude, except as a punishment
for the on the list, the Senate shall choose the Vice-President; a quorum
for this states, the representation from each state having one vote; a quorum
for as the highest numbers not exceeding three on the list of those voted
for President, shall be the The person having the greatest Number of votes
for each, which lists they shall sign and certify, and transmit sealed to votes
for as Vice-President and of the number of President, and of all persons voted
for as Vice-President, and they shall make distinct lists of all persons voted
for as voted for as President, and in distinct ballots the person voted
for as President, and in distinct ballots the person voted for as voted
for The Electors shall meet in their respective states, and vote by ballot
for his defence. Counsel
for obtaining witnesses in his favor, and to have the Assistance of process
for public use, without just compensation. taken
for the same offense of War or public danger; nor shall any person be subject
for a capital, or otherwise infamous crime, No person shall be held to answer
for a redress of grievances. the Government
for the The Ratification of the Conventions of nine States, shall be sufficient
for Legislatures of two thirds of the several States, shall call a Convention
for their Offices during good Behavior, and shall, at stated Times, receive
for Offenses against the United States, except in Grant Reprieves and Pardons
for which he which shall neither be increased nor diminished during the Period
for his Services, a Compensation, The President shall, at stated Times, receive
for the Case of Removal, Death, Resignation or Inability, both of Law provide
for this Purpose shall consist of a Member or Members from two-thirds of the
for President; and if no Person have a immediately choose by Ballot one of them
for each; which List they shall sign and certify, and of the Number of Votes
for two The Electors shall meet in their respective States, and vote by Ballot
for the same Term, be elected, as follows: with the Vice-President chosen
for the Use of the Treasury of the any State on Imports or Exports, shall be
for executing on Imports or Exports, except what may be absolutely necessary
for each Person. on such Importation, not exceeding ten dollars
for carrying into To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper
for the Erection of of the Legislature of the State in which the Same shall be,
for To provide for organizing, arming, and disciplining, the Militia, and
for organizing, arming, and disciplining, the Militia, and for To provide
for calling forth the Militia to execute the Laws of the Union, To provide
for the Government and Regulation of the land and naval Forces; To make Rules
for a longer Term than two Years;
for limited To promote the Progress of Science and useful Arts, by securing
for the Punishment of counterfeiting the Securities and current Coin To provide
for the common Defence and general Excises, to pay the Debts and provide
for and determined by Yeas and Nays, and the Names of the Persons voting
for raising Revenue shall originate in the House of Representatives; All bills
for which he was elected, No Senator or Representative shall, during the Time
for their respective Houses, and in going to and returning from the same; and
for their The Senators and Representatives shall receive a Compensation
for more than three days, nor to any other Place than that the other, adjourn
for Each House may determine the Rules of its Proceedings, punish its Members
for Senators and The Times, Places and Manner of holding Elections
for The Senate shall have the sole Power to try all Impeachments. When sitting
for which he shall be chosen. when elected, be an Inhabitant of that State
for six Years; and each Senator shall State, chosen by the Legislature thereof,
for every thirty Thousand, but each State Representatives shall not exceed one
for a Term of Years, and excluding Indians not including those bound to Service
for Electors of the most numerous Branch of have the Qualifications requisite
for the ourselves and our Posterity, do ordain and establish this Constitution
for the common establish Justice, insure domestic Tranquility, provide
for, and Conviction of, Treason, shall be removed from Office on Impeachment
for, and which shall be established by Law: but the Congress otherwise provided
for, and with themselves. And they shall make a List of all the Persons voted
forces, or in the Militia, when in actual service in time in the land or naval
Forces; To make Rules for the Government and Regulation of the land and naval
foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Execution the
Foreign State. by Citizens of another State, or by Citizens or Subjects of any
foreign States, Citizens or Subjects. State, or the Citizens thereof, and
foreign Power, or engage in War, unless actually with another State, or with a
foreign State. whatever, from any King, Prince or
foreign Coin, and fix the To coin Money, regulate the Value thereof, and of
foreign Nations, and among the several States, and To regulate Commerce with
Forfeiture except Attainder of Treason shall work Corruption of Blood, or
Form of Government, and shall protect each of them against Invasion; and on
form a more perfect Union, We the People of the United States, in Order to
formed by the Junction of two or more States, or parts of States, State be
formed or erected within the Jurisdiction of any other State; nor any shall be
forth the Militia to execute the Laws of the Union, To provide for calling
Forts, Magazines, Arsenals, dock-Yards, and other needful Buildings; And
forty eight hours for that Congress shall decide the issue, assembling within
found in another State, shall on demand of the flee from Justice, and be
four days to the President pro tempore of the Senate and the transmit within
four Years, and, together America. He shall hold his Office during the Term of
four, Pennsylvania eight, Delaware one, Maryland five, New York six, New Jersey
fourteen Years a have attained to the Age of thirty-five Years, and been
fourth day of March next following, then shall devolve upon them, before the
fourth Clauses in the Ninth Section of the first Article; and that no State,
fourth Year, and of the Year, of the second Class at the Expiration of the
fourths three fourths of the several States, or by Conventions in three
fourths of the several States, or by Conventions in three fourths three
Franklin, Thomas Mifflin, Robert Morris, George Clymer, Pennsylvania - Benjamin
free State, the A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a
free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or prohibiting the
free Persons, which shall be determined by adding to the whole Number of
freedom of speech, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the
from office or of his death or 1. In case of the removal of the President
from the date of its submission to the States several States within seven years
from holding the office of within which this Article becomes operative
from the date of the submission hereof in the Constitution, within seven years
from the date of its submission. several States within seven years
from whom the Senate may choose a Vice President death of any of the persons
from whom the House of Representatives may choose a President whenever persons
from the date of the provided in the Constitution, within seven years
from the United States and all territory subject to or the exportation thereof
from the ratification of this article the manufacture, sale, 1. After one year
from each The Senate of the United States shall be composed of two Senators
from The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes on incomes,
from the two highest numbers appointed, and if no person have a majority, then
from two-thirds of the states, and purpose shall consist of a member or members
from each state having one vote; a quorum for this states, the representation
from the persons having appointed; and if no person have such majority, then
from Virginia George Washington - President and deputy
from such Service or Labour, But shall be delivered up on Claim be discharged
from which he fled, be delivered up, to be executive Authority of the State
from Justice, and be found in another State, shall on demand of the flee
from time to time ordain and and in such inferior Courts as the Congress may
from Office on Impeachment for, and Conviction of, Treason, shall be removed
from time to time give to the Congress Information of the State of the He shall
from the United States, or any of them. Emolument
from Office, or of his Death, In Case of the Removal of the President
from should remain two or more who have equal Votes, the Senate shall choose
from two-thirds of the for this Purpose shall consist of a Member or Members
from each State having one Vote; a quorum taken by States, the Representation
from the five highest on the List the said House shall in like Majority, then
from any King, Prince or foreign State. whatever,
from time to time. Expenditures of all public Money shall be published
from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations No Money shall be drawn
from any State. No Tax or Duty shall be laid on Articles exported
from the same; and for their respective Houses, and in going to and returning
from Arrest during their Attendance at the Session of Peace, be privileged
from time to time Each House shall keep a Journal of its Proceedings, and
from day to day, and may be Business; but a smaller number may adjourn
from Judgment in Cases of Impeachment shall not extend further than to removal
from each The Senate of the United States shall be composed of two Senators
from any State, the Executive When vacancies happen in the Representation
from, Ports of one State over those of another: nor shall Vessels bound to, or
Full Faith and Credit shall be given in each State to the public Acts, Records,
further than to removal from Judgment in Cases of Impeachment shall not extend
general and judicial Proceedings of every other State. And the Congress may by
general Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and
general Welfare, and secure the Blessings of Liberty to defence, promote the
George Read, Gunning Bedford Jr., John Dickinson, Richard Bassett, Delaware -
George Clymer, Pennsylvania - Benjamin Franklin, Thomas Mifflin, Robert Morris,
George Washington - President and deputy from Virginia
Georgia - William Few, Abraham Baldwin
Georgia three. six, Virginia ten, North Carolina five, South Carolina five and
Gilman New Hampshire - John Langdon, Nicholas
give to the Congress Information of the State of the He shall from time to time
give their Votes; which Day shall be the same throughout the which they shall
given aid or comfort to the insurrection or rebellion against the same, or
given in each State to the public Acts, Records, Full Faith and Credit shall be
given by any Regulation of Commerce or Revenue to the No Preference shall be
giving them Aid and Comfort. No Person them, or in adhering to their Enemies,
going to and returning from the same; and for their respective Houses, and in
gold and silver Coin a Tender in Payment of Debts; pass any Bill of Attainder,
good Behavior, and shall, at stated Times, receive for their Offices during
Gorham, Rufus King Massachusetts - Nathaniel
Gouvernour Morris Thomas Fitzsimons, Jared Ingersoll, James Wilson,
governing such Part of them as may be employed in the Service of the United
Government of the United States shall 1. The District constituting the seat of
government of the United States, directed to the President of the seat of the
Government for a redress of grievances. the
Government of the United States, directed to transmit sealed to the Seat of the
Government of the United States, or in any Department or Constitution in the
Government of the United the acceptance of Congress, become the Seat of the
Government and Regulation of the land and naval Forces; To make Rules for the
Government, and shall protect each of them against Invasion; and on Form of
Grand Jury, except in cases arising unless on a presentment or indictment of a
Grant Reprieves and Pardons for Offenses against the United States, except in
grant any ex post facto Law, or Law impairing the Obligation of Contracts, or
grant Letters No State shall enter into any Treaty, Alliance, or Confederation;
grant Letters of Marque and Reprisal, and make Rules concerning To declare War,
granted by the United States: And no Person No Title of Nobility shall be
granted shall be vested in a Congress of the All legislative Powers herein
granting Commissions which shall expire at the End the Recess of the Senate, by
Grants of different States, and between a same State claiming Lands under
greatest number of votes as Vice-President, shall be the The person having the
greatest Number of votes for President, shall be the The person having the
greatest every Case, after the Choice of the President, the Person having the
greatest Number of Votes Votes shall then be counted. The Person having the
grievances. the Government for a redress of
guarantee to every State in this Union a Republican The United States shall
Gunning Bedford Jr., John Dickinson, Richard Bassett, Delaware - George Read,
Habeas Corpus shall not be suspended, unless when The privilege of the Writ of
had not been ratified; and the terms of their successors shall then article
had signed it, unless the Congress by their Adjournment in like Manner as if he
Hamilton New York - Alexander
Hampshire - John Langdon, Nicholas Gilman New
Hampshire shall be entitled to choose three, made, the State of New
happen in the representation of any State in the Senate, the When vacancies
happen during The President shall have Power to fill up all Vacancies that may
happen by Resignation, or otherwise, chosen every second Year; and if Vacancies
happen in the Representation from any State, the Executive When vacancies
has held the office of President, or acted as President, for and no person who
have intervened.
have power to enforce this article by appropriate 2. The Congress shall
have power to enforce this article by appropriate 2. The Congress shall
have power to enforce this article by appropriate 2. The Congress shall
have been ratified as an 2. This article shall be inoperative unless it shall
have been ratified as an 3. The article shall be inoperative unless it shall
have been ratified as an 6. This article shall be inoperative unless it shall
have devolved upon them. whenever the right of choice shall
have devolved upon them, and for the case of the the right of choice shall
have qualified. or Vice President shall
have qualified, neither a President elect nor a Vice President elect shall
have qualified; and the Congress may by law provide for the case wherein shall
have failed to the beginning of his term, or if the President elect shall
have been chosen before the time fixed for President. If a President shall not
have died, the Vice President elect shall become President elect shall
have ended if this day of January, of the years in which such terms would
have power to enforce this article by appropriate legislation. Congress shall
have been ratified as an 3. This article shall be inoperative unless it shall
have concurrent power to enforce 2. The Congress and the several States shall
have the qualifications have one vote. The electors in each State shall
have one vote. The electors in each State shall have the qualifications
have power to lay and collect taxes on incomes, from The Congress shall
have power to enforce this article by appropriate 2. The Congress shall
have power to enforce, by appropriate legislation, the 5. The Congress shall
have engaged in support the Constitution of the United States, shall
have power to enforce this article by appropriate 2. Congress shall
have been duly convicted, shall exist within the United whereof the party shall
have a majority, then from the two highest numbers appointed, and if no person
have such majority, then from the persons having appointed; and if no person
have the Assistance of process for obtaining witnesses in his favor, and to
have compulsory accusation; to be confronted with the witnesses against him; to
have been previously shall have been committed, which district shall
have been committed, which district shall have been previously shall
have hereunto subscribed our Names. Twelfth. In Witness whereof We
have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and The Congress shall
have power to declare the Punishment of Treason, but no The Congress shall
have directed. Place or Places as the Congress may by Law
have been such Trial shall be held in the State where the said Crimes shall
have appellate Jurisdiction, both as to Law and Fact, with such Exceptions, and
have original those in which a State shall be Party, the supreme Court shall
have Power to fill up all Vacancies that may happen during The President shall
have Power, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Senate, to make He shall
have Power to relating to the Duties of their respective Offices, and he shall
have been elected, and he shall not receive within that Period any other shall
have attained to the Age of thirty-five Years, and been fourteen Years a
have equal Votes, the Senate shall choose from should remain two or more who
have a immediately choose by Ballot one of them for President; and if no Person
have an equal Number of Votes, then the House of Representatives shall
have such Majority, and Electors appointed; and if there be more than one who
have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and The Congress shall
have been presented to him, the Same shall be a Law, excepted) after it shall
have originated, who shall enter the Objections to that House in which it shall
have passed the House of Representatives and the Senate, Every Bill which shall
have been increased shall have been created, or the Emoluments whereof shall
have been created, or the Emoluments whereof shall have been increased shall
have the sole Power to try all Impeachments. When sitting for The Senate shall
have no Vote, unless they be equally divided. shall
have attained to the Age of thirty No person shall be a Senator who shall not
have one Vote.
have the sole Power of Impeachment. shall
have at Least one Representative; and until such enumeration shall be shall
have attained to the Age of No Person shall be a Representative who shall not
have the Qualifications requisite for Electors of the most numerous Branch of
having previously taken an oath, as a United States, or under any State, who,
having the greatest number of votes as Vice-President, shall be the The person
having one vote; a quorum for this states, the representation from each state
having appointed; and if no person have such majority, then from the persons
having the greatest Number of votes for President, shall be the The person
having Jurisdiction of the Crime. removed to the State
having the greatest every Case, after the Choice of the President, the Person
having one Vote; a quorum taken by States, the Representation from each State
having the greatest Number of Votes Votes shall then be counted. The Person
he shall resume the powers and duties of his office that no inability exists,
he is unable to discharge the powers and duties of his office, and until
he and the Speaker of the House of Representatives his written declaration that
he fled, be delivered up, to be executive Authority of the State from which
he shall think proper; he shall receive Ambassadors and other public Ministers;
he shall receive Ambassadors and other public Ministers; he shall think proper;
he Respect to the Time of Adjournment, he may adjourn them to such Time as
he may adjourn them to such Time as he Respect to the Time of Adjournment,
he may, on extraordinary Occasions, convene both necessary and expedient;
he shall judge Union, and recommend to their Consideration such Measures as
He shall from time to time give to the Congress Information of the State of the
he shall Treaties, provided two thirds of the Senators present concur; and
He shall have Power, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Senate, to make
he shall have Power to relating to the Duties of their respective Offices, and
he may require the Opinion, in writing, of the Service of the United States;
he shall take the following Before he enter on the Execution of his Office,
he enter on the Execution of his Office, he shall take the following Before
he shall not receive within that Period any other shall have been elected, and
he which shall neither be increased nor diminished during the Period for which
He shall hold his Office during the Term of four Years, and, together America.
he had signed it, unless the Congress by their Adjournment in like Manner as if
he shall return it, with his States; If he approve he shall sign it, but if not
he shall sign it, but if not he shall return it, with his States; If he approve
he approve he shall sign it, but if not he shall return it, with his States; If
he was elected, No Senator or Representative shall, during the Time for which
he shall exercise the Office of in the absence of the Vice President, or when
he shall be chosen. when elected, be an Inhabitant of that State for which
he shall be shall not, when elected, be an Inhabitant of that State in which
Heads of proper, in the President alone, in the Courts of Law, or in the
held the office of President, or acted as President, for and no person who has
held illegal and void. claims shall be
held to answer for a capital, or otherwise infamous crime, No person shall be
held to Service or Labour in one State, under the Laws thereof, No Person
held in the State where the said Crimes shall have been such Trial shall be
hereby prohibited. violation of the laws thereof, is
hereby repealed. is
hereby prohibited. the jurisdiction thereof for beverage purposes is
herein and all other Officers of the United States, whose Appointments are not
herein before directed to be taken. Census or Enumeration
herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the All legislative Powers
hereof in the Constitution, within seven years from the date of the submission
hereof to the States by the Congress. submission
hereunto subscribed our Names. Twelfth. In Witness whereof We have
high Crimes and Misdemeanors. Bribery, or other
high Seas, and To define and punish Piracies and Felonies committed on the
highest numbers appointed, and if no person have a majority, then from the two
highest numbers not exceeding three on the list of those voted for as the
highest on the List the said House shall in like Majority, then from the five
him, shall shall take Effect, shall be approved by him, or being disapproved by
him, or being disapproved by him, shall shall take Effect, shall be approved by
him, the Same shall be a Law, excepted) after it shall have been presented to
him; to have compulsory accusation; to be confronted with the witnesses against
himself, nor be deprived of life, criminal case to be a witness against
his office. and duties of
his office, the Vice President shall continue to discharge powers and duties of
his office. Thereupon President is unable to discharge the powers and duties of
his office that no inability exists, he shall resume the powers and duties of
his written declaration Senate and the Speaker of the House of Representatives
his office, the Vice President unable to discharge the powers and duties of
his office, and until he is unable to discharge the powers and duties of
his written declaration that he and the Speaker of the House of Representatives
his death or 1. In case of the removal of the President from office or of
his term, or if the President elect shall have failed to the beginning of
his defence. Counsel for
his favor, and to have the Assistance of process for obtaining witnesses in
his Office, he shall take the following Before he enter on the Execution of
his Services, a Compensation, The President shall, at stated Times, receive for
his Death, In Case of the Removal of the President from Office, or of
his Office during the Term of four Years, and, together America. He shall hold
his States; If he approve he shall sign it, but if not he shall return it, with
his Continuance in Office. shall be a Member of either House during
hold any office, civil or military, under the President and Vice-President, or
hold establish. The Judges, both of the supreme and inferior Courts, shall
hold his Office during the Term of four Years, and, together America. He shall
hold and enjoy any Office of honor, Trust or Office, and disqualification to
holding the office of within which this Article becomes operative from
holding the office of President, or acting as President, during the term be
holding the office of President, when this Article shall not apply to any person
holding an Office of Trust or Profit under the United Representative, or Person
holding any Office of Profit or Trust under them, shall, without the Consent of
holding any Office under the United States, during such time; and no Person
holding Elections for Senators and The Times, Places and Manner of
honor, Trust or Office, and disqualification to hold and enjoy any Office of
hours for that Congress shall decide the issue, assembling within forty eight
House of Representatives their written declaration that the Speaker of the
House of Representatives his written declaration Senate and the Speaker of the
House of Representatives their written declaration that the President is the
House of Representatives his written declaration that he and the Speaker of the
House of Representatives may choose a President whenever persons from whom the
House a majority of all the states shall be necessary to a choice. And if the
House of Representatives shall choose immediately, by ballot, President, the
House of The President of the Senate shall, in the presence of the Senate and
House shall in like Majority, then from the five highest on the List the said
House of Representatives shall have an equal Number of Votes, then the
House of Representatives, open all the Certificates, and the of the Senate and
House of Representatives, according be repassed by two thirds of the Senate and
House of Representatives may be necessary (except on a question of Adjournment)
House respectively. If against the Bill shall be entered on the Journal of each
House shall agree to pass the Bill, it such Reconsideration two thirds of that
House in which it shall have originated, who shall enter the Objections to that
House of Representatives and the Senate, Every Bill which shall have passed the
House of Representatives; All bills for raising Revenue shall originate in the
House during his Continuance in Office. shall be a Member of either
House on any question Secrecy; and the Yeas and Nays of the Members of either
House shall keep a Journal of its Proceedings, and from time to time Each
House may determine the Rules of its Proceedings, punish its Members for Each
House may provide. under such Penalties as each
House shall be the Judge of the Elections, Returns and Qualifications of Each
House of Representatives shall choose their Speaker and other Officers; and The
House of Representatives shall be composed of Members chosen every second The
House of Representatives. United States, which shall consist of a Senate and
House, remove enemies thereof. But Congress may by a vote of two-thirds of each
house, without the No Soldier shall, in time of peace be quartered in any
House, it shall likewise be reconsidered, and if approved by two thirds of that
House, by which it shall be sent, together with the Objections, to the other
House, they shall not be questioned in any other any Speech or Debate in either
House, during the Session of Congress, shall, without the Consent of Neither
Houses that the President is unable to discharge the two thirds vote of both
Houses of Congress. confirmation by a majority vote of both
Houses shall deem it necessary, shall The Congress, whenever two thirds of both
Houses shall be shall become a Law. But in all such Cases the Votes of both
Houses shall be sitting. in which the two
houses, papers, and The right of the people to be secure in their persons,
Houses, or either of them, and in Case of Disagreement between them, with
Houses, and in going to and returning from the same; and for their respective
Hugh Williamson North Carolina - William Blount, Richard Dobbs Spaight,
hundred Seventeenth Day of September in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven
hundred and eight shall in any Manner affect the first and thousand eight
hundred and eight, but a tax or duty may be imposed the Year one thousand eight
I will faithfully execute the Office of "I do solemnly swear (or affirm) that
if Congress is not in session, receipt of the latter written declaration, or,
If the Congress, within twenty one days after purpose if not in session.
if not in session. If the Congress, within twenty one days after purpose
if it were Representatives in Congress to which the District would be entitled
if the President elect shall have failed to the beginning of his term, or
If a President shall not have been chosen before the time fixed for President.
if this day of January, of the years in which such terms would have ended
if no person have a majority, then from the two highest numbers appointed, and
if such number be a majority of the whole number of Electors Vice-President,
if the House a majority of all the states shall be necessary to a choice. And
if no person have such majority, then from the persons having appointed; and
if such number be a majority of the whole number of Electors President,
if there Number of Votes of the Electors shall be the Vice President. But
if no Person have a immediately choose by Ballot one of them for President; and
if there be more than one who have such Majority, and Electors appointed; and
if such Number be a Majority of the whole Number of shall be the President,
if he had signed it, unless the Congress by their Adjournment in like Manner as
If against the Bill shall be entered on the Journal of each House respectively.
if approved by two thirds of that House, it shall likewise be reconsidered, and
If after Objections at large on their Journal, and proceed to reconsider it.
if not he shall return it, with his States; If he approve he shall sign it, but
If he approve he shall sign it, but if not he shall return it, with his States;
if Vacancies happen by Resignation, or otherwise, chosen every second Year; and
If, at the time fixed for the beginning of the term of the President, the 3.
illegal and void. claims shall be held
immediately assume the powers and duties of the office as Acting shall
immediately choose by Ballot one of them for President; and if no Person have a
Immediately after they shall be assembled in Consequence of the first Election,
immediately, by ballot, President, the House of Representatives shall choose
imminent Danger as will not admit of delay. invaded, or in such
immunities of citizens of the United States; nor shall any the privileges or
Immunities The Citizens of each State shall be entitled to all Privileges and
impairing the Obligation of Contracts, or grant any ex post facto Law, or Law
impartial jury of the State and district wherein the crime public trial, by an
Impeachment for, and Conviction of, Treason, shall be removed from Office on
Impeachment shall not extend further than to removal from Judgment in Cases of
Impeachment, shall be by Jury; and The Trial of all Crimes, except in Cases of
Impeachment. Cases of
Impeachment. shall have the sole Power of
Impeachments. When sitting for The Senate shall have the sole Power to try all
importation into any State, Territory, or possession 2. The transportation or
importation thereof into, or transportation of intoxicating liquors within, the
Importation of such Persons as any of the States now existing The Migration or
Importation, not exceeding ten dollars for each Person. on such
Imports or Exports, shall be for the Use of the Treasury of the any State on
Imports or Exports, except what may be absolutely necessary for executing on
imposed the Year one thousand eight hundred and eight, but a tax or duty may be
imposed, nor cruel Excessive bail shall not be required, nor excessive fines
Imposts or Duties No State shall, without the Consent of the Congress, lay any
Imposts and Excises shall be Welfare of the United States; but all Duties,
Imposts and The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties,
Imposts, laid by its inspection Laws: and the net Produce of all Duties and
in session, receipt of the latter written declaration, or, if Congress is not
in session. If the Congress, within twenty one days after purpose if not
in the office of the Vice President, the 2. Whenever there is a vacancy
In case of the removal of the President from office or of his death or 1.
in Congress, shall not be Vice President, or for Senator or Representative
in any primary or other 1. The right of citizens of the United States to vote
in the District and perform such appointed by a State; and they shall meet
in a State, but in no event more than the least populous State; they shall be
in no event more than the least populous State; they shall be in a State, but
in Congress to which the District would be entitled if it were Representatives
in such manner as the Congress may direct: A number of electors of appoint
in the Constitution, within seven years from the date of the submission hereof
in the several States, as provided amendment to the Constitution by conventions
in of the United States for delivery or use therein of intoxicating liquors,
in which one who is to declaring who shall then act as President, or the manner
in every year, and such meeting 2. The Congress shall assemble at least once
in which such terms would have ended if this day of January, of the years
in the Constitution, within seven years from the date of the provided
in the Senate, the When vacancies happen in the representation of any State
in the representation of any State in the Senate, the When vacancies happen
in each State shall have the qualifications have one vote. The electors
in aid of insurrection or rebellion against the United States, or any claim for
in including debts incurred for payment of pensions and bounties for services
in support the Constitution of the United States, shall have engaged
in Congress, or elector of 3. No person shall be a Senator or Representative
in such State. number of male citizens twenty-one years of age
in the or other crime, the basis of representation therein shall be reduced
in rebellion, United States, or in any way abridged, except for participation
in any way abridged, except for participation in rebellion, United States, or
in Congress, the Executive and Judicial officers of a State, or Representatives
in each State, their respective numbers, counting the whole number of persons
in the United States, and subject to the 1. All persons born or naturalized
in the case of the death or other the Vice-President shall act as President, as
in choosing the President, the votes shall be taken by the President. But
in the presence of the Senate and House of The President of the Senate shall,
in distinct ballots the person voted for as voted for as President, and
in their ballots the person of the same state with themselves; they shall name
in their respective states, and vote by ballot for The Electors shall meet
in law or equity, commenced or prosecuted against one of the United States suit
in the Constitution, of certain rights, shall not be construed The enumeration
in any Court of the United States, than jury, shall be otherwise re-examined
in controversy shall exceed twenty In Suits at common law, where the value
In Suits at common law, where the value in controversy shall exceed twenty
in his favor, and to have the Assistance of process for obtaining witnesses
In all criminal prosecutions, the accused shall enjoy the right to a speedy and
in any to be twice put in jeopardy of life or limb; nor shall be compelled
in jeopardy of life or limb; nor shall be compelled in any to be twice put
in time in the land or naval forces, or in the Militia, when in actual service
in actual service in time in the land or naval forces, or in the Militia, when
in the Militia, when in actual service in time in the land or naval forces, or
in the land or naval forces, or in the Militia, when in actual service in time
in cases arising unless on a presentment or indictment of a Grand Jury, except
in their persons, houses, papers, and The right of the people to be secure
in a manner to be prescribed by consent of the Owner, nor in time of war, but
in time of war, but in a manner to be prescribed by consent of the Owner, nor
in any house, without the No Soldier shall, in time of peace be quartered
in time of peace be quartered in any house, without the No Soldier shall,
In Witness whereof We have hereunto subscribed our Names. Twelfth.
in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred Seventeenth Day of September
in Convention by the Unanimous Consent of the States present the Done
in the Constitution or Judges in every State shall be bound thereby, any Thing
in every State shall be bound thereby, any Thing in the Constitution or Judges
in This Constitution, and the Laws of the United States which shall be made
in the Senate. without its Consent, shall be deprived of its equal Suffrage
in the Ninth Section of the first Article; and that no State, fourth Clauses
in any Manner affect the first and thousand eight hundred and eight shall
in three fourths three fourths of the several States, or by Conventions
in either Case, shall be valid to all Intents and proposing Amendments, which,
in this Union a Republican The United States shall guarantee to every State
in this Constitution shall be so construed as to Prejudice States; and nothing
in Consequence of any Law or Regulation therein, escaping into another, shall,
in one State, under the Laws thereof, No Person held to Service or Labour
in another State, shall on demand of the flee from Justice, and be found
in any State with Treason, Felony, or other Crime, who shall A Person charged
in the several States. of Citizens
in which such Acts, Records and Proceedings shall be Laws prescribe the Manner
in each State to the public Acts, Records, Full Faith and Credit shall be given
in open Court. same overt Act, or on Confession
in adhering to their Enemies, giving them Aid and Comfort. No Person them, or
in levying War against Treason against the United States, shall consist only
in the State where the said Crimes shall have been such Trial shall be held
in Cases of Impeachment, shall be by Jury; and The Trial of all Crimes, except
In all the other Cases before mentioned, the supreme Court shall Jurisdiction.
in which a State shall be Party, the supreme Court shall have original those
In all Cases affecting Ambassadors, other public Ministers and Consuls, and
in Law and Equity, arising under The judicial Power shall extend to all Cases,
in Office. Continuance
in such inferior Courts as the Congress may from time to time ordain and and
in one supreme Court, The judicial Power of the United States, shall be vested
in Case of Disagreement between them, with Houses, or either of them, and
in the Heads of proper, in the President alone, in the Courts of Law, or
in the Courts of Law, or in the Heads of proper, in the President alone,
in the President alone, in the Courts of Law, or in the Heads of proper,
in Grant Reprieves and Pardons for Offenses against the United States, except
in each of the executive Departments, upon any subject principal Officer
in writing, of the Service of the United States; he may require the Opinion,
in Chief of the Army and Navy of the United The President shall be Commander
In Case of the Removal of the President from Office, or of his Death,
In States, and a Majority of all the States shall be necessary to a Choice.
in choosing the President, the Votes shall be Manner choose the President. But
in like Majority, then from the five highest on the List the said House shall
in the Presence the President of the Senate. The President of the Senate shall,
in their respective States, and vote by Ballot for two The Electors shall meet
in the Congress: but no Senator or to which the State may be entitled
in such Manner as the Legislature thereof may direct, Each State shall appoint,
in a President of the United States of The executive Power shall be vested
in such imminent Danger as will not admit of delay. invaded, or
in War, unless actually with another State, or with a foreign Power, or engage
in time of Peace, enter into any Agreement or Compact Troops, or Ships of War
in Payment of Debts; pass any Bill of Attainder, gold and silver Coin a Tender
in Consequence of Appropriations No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but
in another. one State, be obliged to enter, clear, or pay Duties
in Proportion to the No capitation, or other direct, Tax shall be laid, unless
in Cases of Rebellion or Invasion the public Safety may require it.
in any Department or Constitution in the Government of the United States, or
in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Constitution
in which the Same shall be, for the Erection of of the Legislature of the State
in all Cases whatsoever, over such District To exercise exclusive Legislation
in the Service of the United governing such Part of them as may be employed
in the Case of a Bill. to the Rules and Limitations prescribed
in which Case it shall not be a Law. prevent its Return,
in like Manner as if he had signed it, unless the Congress by their Adjournment
in all such Cases the Votes of both Houses shall be shall become a Law. But
in which it shall have originated, who shall enter the Objections to that House
in the House of Representatives; All bills for raising Revenue shall originate
in Office. shall be a Member of either House during his Continuance
in any other any Speech or Debate in either House, they shall not be questioned
in either House, they shall not be questioned in any other any Speech or Debate
in going to and returning from the same; and for their respective Houses, and
in all Cases, except Treason, Felony and Breach of the States. They shall
in which the two Houses shall be sitting.
in their Judgment require publish the same, excepting such Parts as may
in such Manner, and authorized to compel the Attendance of absent Members,
in December, unless they shall by Law appoint a be on the first Monday
in every Year, and such Meeting shall The Congress shall assemble at least once
in each State by the Legislature thereof; Representatives, shall be prescribed
in Cases of Impeachment shall not extend further than to removal from Judgment
in the absence of the Vice President, or when he shall exercise the Office of
in Consequence of the first Election, Immediately after they shall be assembled
in the Representation from any State, the Executive When vacancies happen
in such Manner as they shall by Law direct. The Number of Years,
in which he shall be shall not, when elected, be an Inhabitant of that State
in each State shall Year by the People of the several States, and the Electors
in a Congress of the All legislative Powers herein granted shall be vested
in Order to form a more perfect Union, We the People of the United States,
inability exists, he shall resume the powers and duties of his office that no
Inability to discharge the Powers and Duties of the said Resignation, or
Inability, both of Law provide for the Case of Removal, Death, Resignation or
included within this Union, according to their respective Numbers, which may be
including debts incurred for payment of pensions and bounties for services in
including those bound to Service for a Term of Years, and excluding Indians not
incomes, from The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes on
increased nor diminished during the Period for which he which shall neither be
increased shall have been created, or the Emoluments whereof shall have been
incurred United States nor any State shall assume or pay any debt or obligation
incurred for payment of pensions and bounties for services in including debts
Independence of the United States of America the and Eighty seven and of the
Indian Tribes; with the
Indians not taxed. But when the right to vote at any election for the excluding
Indians not including those bound to Service for a Term of Years, and excluding
indictment of a Grand Jury, except in cases arising unless on a presentment or
Indictment, Trial, Judgment and Punishment, according to liable and subject to
ineligible to the office of President shall be eligible to constitutionally
infamous crime, No person shall be held to answer for a capital, or otherwise
inferior Courts, shall hold establish. The Judges, both of the supreme and
inferior Courts as the Congress may from time to time ordain and and in such
inferior Officers, as they think may by Law vest the Appointment of such
inferior to the supreme Court; To constitute Tribunals
inflicted. and unusual punishments
Information of the State of the He shall from time to time give to the Congress
informed of the nature and cause of the ascertained by law, and to be
infringed. right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be
Ingersoll, James Wilson, Gouvernour Morris Thomas Fitzsimons, Jared
inhabitant President and Vice-President, one of whom, at least, shall not be an
Inhabitant of the same State persons, of whom one at least shall not lie an
Inhabitant of that State for which he shall be chosen. when elected, be an
Inhabitant of that State in which he shall be shall not, when elected, be an
inhabitants of such State, being twenty-one years of age, and citizens of the
inoperative unless it shall have been ratified as an 2. This article shall be
inoperative unless it shall have been ratified as an 3. The article shall be
inoperative unless it shall have been ratified as an 6. This article shall be
inoperative unless it shall have been ratified as an 3. This article shall be
inspection Laws: and the net Produce of all Duties and Imposts, laid by its
insure domestic Tranquility, provide for the common establish Justice,
insurrection or rebellion against the United States, or any claim for in aid of
insurrection or rebellion, shall not be questioned. But neither the suppressing
insurrection or rebellion against the same, or given aid or comfort to the
Insurrections and repel Invasions; suppress
Intents and proposing Amendments, which, in either Case, shall be valid to all
intervened. have
into any State, Territory, or possession 2. The transportation or importation
into this Union; but no new States New States may be admitted by the Congress
into another, shall, in Consequence of any Law or Regulation therein, escaping
into the actual States, and of the Militia of the several States, when called
into any Agreement or Compact Troops, or Ships of War in time of Peace, enter
into any Treaty, Alliance, or Confederation; grant Letters No State shall enter
into To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying
into three Classes. The Seats of the they shall be divided as equally as may be
into, or transportation of intoxicating liquors within, the importation thereof
into, before the Adoption of this All Debts contracted and Engagements entered
intoxicating liquors, in of the United States for delivery or use therein of
intoxicating liquors within, the importation thereof into, or transportation of
invaded, or in such imminent Danger as will not admit of delay.
Invasion the public Safety may require it. in Cases of Rebellion or
Invasion; and on Form of Government, and shall protect each of them against
Invasions; suppress Insurrections and repel
Inventors the exclusive Right to their respective Writings Times to Authors and
involuntary servitude, except as a punishment for crime 1. Neither slavery nor
is unable to discharge the two thirds vote of both Houses that the President
is required to assemble, determines by within twenty one days after Congress
is not in session, receipt of the latter written declaration, or, if Congress
is unable to discharge the powers and duties of his office. Thereupon President
is the House of Representatives their written declaration that the President
is unable to discharge the powers and duties of his office, and until he
is a vacancy in the office of the Vice President, the 2. Whenever there
is hereby prohibited. violation of the laws thereof,
is hereby repealed.
is to declaring who shall then act as President, or the manner in which one who
is hereby prohibited. the jurisdiction thereof for beverage purposes
is denied to any of the male the members of the Legislature thereof,
is tried, the Chief Justice shall preside: And no Person shall be United States
Island and Providence Plantations one, Connecticut Massachusetts eight, Rhode
issue writs of election to fill such executive authority of such State shall
issue Writs of Election to fill such Vacancies. Authority thereof shall
issue, assembling within forty eight hours for that Congress shall decide the
issue, but upon probable cause, supported by Oath or no Warrants shall
it were Representatives in Congress to which the District would be entitled if
it shall have been ratified as an 2. This article shall be inoperative unless
it shall have been ratified as an 3. The article shall be inoperative unless
it shall have been ratified as an 6. This article shall be inoperative unless
it shall have been ratified as an 3. This article shall be inoperative unless
it becomes valid as part of the Constitution. any Senator chosen before
it to the States, are reserved to the States respectively, or to prohibited by
it necessary, shall The Congress, whenever two thirds of both Houses shall deem
it shall not be a Law. prevent its Return, in which Case
it shall have been presented to him, the Same shall be a Law, excepted) after
it shall likewise be reconsidered, and if approved by two thirds of that House,
it shall be sent, together with the Objections, to the other House, by which
it such Reconsideration two thirds of that House shall agree to pass the Bill,
it shall have originated, who shall enter the Objections to that House in which
it become a Law, be presented to the President of the United shall, before
it, unless the Congress by their Adjournment in like Manner as if he had signed
it, with his States; If he approve he shall sign it, but if not he shall return
it, but if not he shall return it, with his States; If he approve he shall sign
it. in Cases of Rebellion or Invasion the public Safety may require
it. If after Objections at large on their Journal, and proceed to reconsider
its submission to the States several States within seven years from the date of
its submission. several States within seven years from the date of
its jurisdiction the equal protection of the law; nor deny to any person within
its equal Suffrage in the Senate. without its Consent, shall be deprived of
its Consent, shall be deprived of its equal Suffrage in the Senate. without
its inspection Laws: and the net Produce of all Duties and Imposts, laid by
its Return, in which Case it shall not be a Law. prevent
its Proceedings, and from time to time Each House shall keep a Journal of
its Members for Each House may determine the Rules of its Proceedings, punish
its Proceedings, punish its Members for Each House may determine the Rules of
its own Members, and a Majority of each shall constitute a Quorum to do
Jackson, Secretary Attest: William
Jacob Broom
James Madison Jr. Virginia - John Blair,
James McHenry, Daniel of St Thomas Jenifer, Daniel Carroll Maryland -
James Wilson, Gouvernour Morris Thomas Fitzsimons, Jared Ingersoll,
January, unless they shall by law appoint shall begin at noon on the 3d day of
January, of the years in which such terms would have ended if this day of
January, and the terms of Senators and Representatives at noon on the 3d day of
Jared Ingersoll, James Wilson, Gouvernour Morris Thomas Fitzsimons,
Jenifer, Daniel Carroll Maryland - James McHenry, Daniel of St Thomas
jeopardy of life or limb; nor shall be compelled in any to be twice put in
Jersey - William Livingston, David Brearley, William Paterson, Jonathan New
Jersey four, Pennsylvania eight, Delaware one, Maryland five, New York six, New
John Rutledge, Charles Cotesworth Pinckney, Charles Pinckney, South Carolina -
John Blair, James Madison Jr. Virginia -
John Dickinson, Richard Bassett, Delaware - George Read, Gunning Bedford Jr.,
John Langdon, Nicholas Gilman New Hampshire -
Johnson, Roger Sherman Connecticut - William Samuel
Jonathan New Jersey - William Livingston, David Brearley, William Paterson,
Journal of each House respectively. If against the Bill shall be entered on the
Journal of its Proceedings, and from time to time Each House shall keep a
Journal, and proceed to reconsider it. If after Objections at large on their
Journal. shall, at the Desire of one fifth of those Present, be entered on the
Jr. Virginia - John Blair, James Madison
Jr., John Dickinson, Richard Bassett, Delaware - George Read, Gunning Bedford
judge Union, and recommend to their Consideration such Measures as he shall
Judge of the Elections, Returns and Qualifications of Each House shall be the
Judges in every State shall be bound thereby, any Thing in the Constitution or
Judges of the supreme Court, Ambassadors, other public Ministers and Consuls,
Judges, both of the supreme and inferior Courts, shall hold establish. The
Judgment require publish the same, excepting such Parts as may in their
Judgment and Punishment, according to liable and subject to Indictment, Trial,
Judgment in Cases of Impeachment shall not extend further than to removal from
judicial officer of any State, to any State legislature, or as an executive or
Judicial officers of a State, or Representatives in Congress, the Executive and
Judicial power of the United States shall not be construed to extend to any The
judicial Officers, both of several State Legislatures, and all executive and
judicial Proceedings of every other State. And the Congress may by general and
judicial Power shall extend to all Cases, in Law and Equity, arising under The
judicial Power of the United States, shall be vested in one supreme Court, The
Junction of two or more States, or parts of States, State be formed by the
jurisdiction thereof for beverage purposes is hereby prohibited. the
jurisdiction the equal protection of the law; nor deny to any person within its
jurisdiction thereof, are citizens of the United States and of the State
Jurisdiction of any other State; nor any shall be formed or erected within the
Jurisdiction of the Crime. removed to the State having
Jurisdiction, both as to Law and Fact, with such Exceptions, and have appellate
jurisdiction. States, or any place subject to their
Jurisdiction. In all the other Cases before mentioned, the supreme Court shall
Jurisdiction; to Controversies to which the United States shall be a Party; to
jury shall be preserved, and no fact tried by a dollars, the right of trial by
jury of the State and district wherein the crime public trial, by an impartial
jury, shall be otherwise re-examined in any Court of the United States, than
Jury, except in cases arising unless on a presentment or indictment of a Grand
Jury; and The Trial of all Crimes, except in Cases of Impeachment, shall be by
just compensation. taken for public use, without
Justice shall preside: And no Person shall be United States is tried, the Chief
Justice, and be found in another State, shall on demand of the flee from
Justice, insure domestic Tranquility, provide for the common establish
keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed. right of the people to
keep No State shall, without the Consent of Congress, lay any duty of Tonnage,
keep a Journal of its Proceedings, and from time to time Each House shall
kind the Congress, accept of any present, Emolument, Office, or Title, of any
King Massachusetts - Nathaniel Gorham, Rufus
King, Prince or foreign State. whatever, from any
Labour may be due. of the Party to whom such Service or
Labour in one State, under the Laws thereof, No Person held to Service or
Labour, But shall be delivered up on Claim be discharged from such Service or
laid by its inspection Laws: and the net Produce of all Duties and Imposts,
laid on Articles exported from any State. No Tax or Duty shall be
laid, unless in Proportion to the No capitation, or other direct, Tax shall be
land or naval forces, or in the Militia, when in actual service in time in the
land and naval Forces; To make Rules for the Government and Regulation of the
Land and Water; Captures on
Land; and the Authority of the United States, shall be the supreme Law of the
Lands under Grants of different States, and between a same State claiming
Langdon, Nicholas Gilman New Hampshire - John
large on their Journal, and proceed to reconsider it. If after Objections at
latter written declaration, or, if Congress is not in session, receipt of the
law provide, the executive department or of such other body as Congress may by
law of the executive departments or of such other body as Congress may by
law provide for the case of the death of any of the 4. The Congress may by
law provide for the case wherein shall have qualified; and the Congress may by
law appoint shall begin at noon on the 3d day of January, unless they shall by
law which shall abridge wherein they reside. No State shall make or enforce any
law or equity, commenced or prosecuted against one of the United States suit in
law respecting an establishment of religion, or Congress shall make no
Law of the Land; and the Authority of the United States, shall be the supreme
Law or Regulation therein, escaping into another, shall, in Consequence of any
Law have directed. Place or Places as the Congress may by
Law and Fact, with such Exceptions, and have appellate Jurisdiction, both as to
Law and Equity, arising under The judicial Power shall extend to all Cases, in
Law vest the Appointment of such inferior Officers, as they think may by
Law provide for the Case of Removal, Death, Resignation or Inability, both of
Law impairing the Obligation of Contracts, or grant any ex post facto Law, or
Law shall be passed. No Bill of Attainder or ex post facto
Law of Nations; Offenses against the
Law appoint a be on the first Monday in December, unless they shall by
Law make or alter such Regulations, except but the Congress may at any time by
Law direct. The Number of Years, in such Manner as they shall by
law, varying the compensation for the services of the Senators and No
law, 4. The validity of the public debt of the United States, authorized by
law, where the value in controversy shall exceed twenty In Suits at common
law, and to be informed of the nature and cause of the ascertained by
Law, or in the Heads of proper, in the President alone, in the Courts of
Law, or Law impairing the Obligation of Contracts, or grant any ex post facto
Law, excepted) after it shall have been presented to him, the Same shall be a
Law, be presented to the President of the United shall, before it become a
Law, and paid out of the Treasury of the United Services, to be ascertained by
law. according to the rules of the common
law.
Law. prevent its Return, in which Case it shall not be a
Law. But in all such Cases the Votes of both Houses shall be shall become a
Law.
Law: but the Congress otherwise provided for, and which shall be established by
law; nor deny to any person within its jurisdiction the equal protection of the
law; nor shall private property be liberty, or property, without due process of
Law; and a regular Statement and Account of the Receipts and made by
laws thereof, is hereby prohibited. violation of the
Laws of any State to the Contrary notwithstanding.
Laws of the United States which shall be made in This Constitution, and the
Laws thereof, No Person held to Service or Labour in one State, under the
Laws prescribe the Manner in which such Acts, Records and Proceedings shall be
Laws of the United States, and Treaties made, or which this Constitution, the
Laws be faithfully executed, and shall Commission all shall take Care that the
Laws shall be subject to the Revision and Control United States; and all such
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into To make all
Laws of the Union, To provide for calling forth the Militia to execute the
Laws on the subject To establish an uniform Rule of Naturalization, and uniform
laws.
Laws: and the net Produce of all Duties and Imposts, laid by its inspection
lay and collect taxes on incomes, from The Congress shall have power to
lay any duty of Tonnage, keep No State shall, without the Consent of Congress,
lay any Imposts or Duties No State shall, without the Consent of the Congress,
lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and The Congress shall have Power To
least populous State; they shall be in a State, but in no event more than the
least once in every year, and such meeting 2. The Congress shall assemble at
least shall not lie an Inhabitant of the same State persons, of whom one at
least once in every Year, and such Meeting shall The Congress shall assemble at
Least one Representative; and until such enumeration shall be shall have at
least, shall not be an inhabitant President and Vice-President, one of whom, at
Legislation in all Cases whatsoever, over such District To exercise exclusive
legislation, the 5. The Congress shall have power to enforce, by appropriate
legislation.
legislation.
legislation.
legislation. Congress shall have power to enforce this article by appropriate
legislation. this article by appropriate
legislation.
legislation.
legislative Powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the All
legislature may direct. vacancies by election as the
legislature of any State may empower the vacancies: Provided, That the
Legislature thereof, is denied to any of the male the members of the
Legislature Application of the Legislature, or of the Executive (when the
Legislature thereof may direct, Each State shall appoint, in such Manner as the
Legislature of the State in which the Same shall be, for the Erection of of the
Legislature thereof; Representatives, shall be prescribed in each State by the
Legislature of any State, the Executive thereof may during the Recess of the
Legislature thereof, for six Years; and each Senator shall State, chosen by the
legislature, or as an executive or judicial officer of any State, to any State
Legislature, or of the Executive (when the Legislature Application of the
Legislature, which make temporary Appointments until the next Meeting of the
Legislature. the State
legislatures of three-fourths of the amendment to the Constitution by the
legislatures of three-fourths of the amendment to the Constitution by the
legislatures of the several States, as amendment to the Constitution by the
Legislatures of Purposes, as part of this Constitution, when ratified by the
Legislatures of two thirds of the several States, shall call a Convention for
Legislatures of the States concerned as well as of without the Consent of the
Legislatures, and all executive and judicial Officers, both of several State
legislatures. requisite for electors of the most numerous branch of the State
Letters No State shall enter into any Treaty, Alliance, or Confederation; grant
Letters of Marque and Reprisal, and make Rules concerning To declare War, grant
levying War against Treason against the United States, shall consist only in
liable and subject to Indictment, Trial, Judgment and Punishment, according to
Liberty to defence, promote the general Welfare, and secure the Blessings of
liberty, or property, without due process of State deprive any person of life,
liberty, or property, without due process of law; nor shall private property be
lie an Inhabitant of the same State persons, of whom one at least shall not
life or limb; nor shall be compelled in any to be twice put in jeopardy of
Life of the Person attainted. during the
life, liberty, or property, without due process of State deprive any person of
life, criminal case to be a witness against himself, nor be deprived of
like Majority, then from the five highest on the List the said House shall in
like Authority over all Places purchased by the Consent States, and to exercise
like Manner as if he had signed it, unless the Congress by their Adjournment in
likewise be reconsidered, and if approved by two thirds of that House, it shall
limb; nor shall be compelled in any to be twice put in jeopardy of life or
Limitations prescribed in the Case of a Bill. to the Rules and
limited To promote the Progress of Science and useful Arts, by securing for
liquors within, the importation thereof into, or transportation of intoxicating
liquors, in of the United States for delivery or use therein of intoxicating
list of those voted for as the highest numbers not exceeding three on the
List the said House shall in like Majority, then from the five highest on the
List they shall sign and certify, and of the Number of Votes for each; which
List of all the Persons voted for, and with themselves. And they shall make a
list, the Senate shall choose the Vice-President; a quorum for the on the
lists they shall sign and certify, and transmit sealed to votes for each, which
lists of all persons voted for as Vice-President, and they shall make distinct
Livingston, David Brearley, William Paterson, Jonathan New Jersey - William
longer Term than two Years; for a
Lord one thousand seven hundred Seventeenth Day of September in the Year of our
loss or emancipation of any slave; but all such debts, obligations and the
made in This Constitution, and the Laws of the United States which shall be
made prior to the Year One Congress; Provided that no Amendment which may be
made by Law; and a regular Statement and Account of the Receipts and
made within three Years after the first Meeting The actual Enumeration shall be
made, under the Pursuance thereof; and all Treaties made, or which shall be
made, or which shall be made, under the Pursuance thereof; and all Treaties
made, under their Authority; to all Cases affecting Ambassadors, other shall be
made, or which this Constitution, the Laws of the United States, and Treaties
made, the State of New Hampshire shall be entitled to choose three,
Madison Jr. Virginia - John Blair, James
Magazines, Arsenals, dock-Yards, and other needful Buildings; And Forts,
maintain a Navy; To provide and
majority of either the principal officers of unless the Vice President and a
majority of either the principal officers 4. Whenever the Vice President and a
majority vote of both Houses of Congress. confirmation by a
majority of the whole number shall be necessary to a choice. But no person
majority of the whole number of Electors Vice-President, if such number be a
majority of all the states shall be necessary to a choice. And if the House a
majority of the whole number of Electors President, if such number be a
Majority of all the States shall be necessary to a Choice. In States, and a
Majority of the whole Number of shall be the President, if such Number be a
Majority of each shall constitute a Quorum to do its own Members, and a
majority, then from the two highest numbers appointed, and if no person have a
majority, then from the persons having appointed; and if no person have such
Majority, then from the five highest on the List the said House shall in like
Majority, and Electors appointed; and if there be more than one who have such
make temporary appointments until the people fill the executive thereof to
make or enforce any law which shall abridge wherein they reside. No State shall
make distinct lists of all persons voted for as Vice-President, and they shall
make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or Congress shall
make all needful Rules and The Congress shall have Power to dispose of and
make He shall have Power, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Senate, to
make a List of all the Persons voted for, and with themselves. And they shall
make any Thing but of Marque and Reprisal; coin Money; emit Bills of Credit;
make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into To
make Rules for the Government and Regulation of the land and naval Forces; To
make Rules concerning To declare War, grant Letters of Marque and Reprisal, and
make or alter such Regulations, except but the Congress may at any time by Law
make temporary Appointments until the next Meeting of the Legislature, which
make. under such Regulations as the Congress shall
male citizens twenty-one years of age in such State. number of
male citizens shall bear to the whole proportion which the number of such
male the members of the Legislature thereof, is denied to any of the
manner as the Congress may direct: A number of electors of appoint in such
manner in which one who is to declaring who shall then act as President, or the
manner to be prescribed by consent of the Owner, nor in time of war, but in a
Manner affect the first and thousand eight hundred and eight shall in any
Manner in which such Acts, Records and Proceedings shall be Laws prescribe the
Manner choose the President. But in choosing the President, the Votes shall be
Manner as the Legislature thereof may direct, Each State shall appoint, in such
Manner as if he had signed it, unless the Congress by their Adjournment in like
Manner of holding Elections for Senators and The Times, Places and
Manner as they shall by Law direct. The Number of Years, in such
Manner, and authorized to compel the Attendance of absent Members, in such
manufacture, sale, 1. After one year from the ratification of this article the
March next following, then shall devolve upon them, before the fourth day of
maritime public Ministers and Consuls; to all Cases of admiralty and
Marque and Reprisal; coin Money; emit Bills of Credit; make any Thing but of
Marque and Reprisal, and make Rules concerning To declare War, grant Letters of
Maryland - James McHenry, Daniel of St Thomas Jenifer, Daniel Carroll
Maryland five, New York six, New Jersey four, Pennsylvania eight, Delaware one,
Massachusetts - Nathaniel Gorham, Rufus King
Massachusetts eight, Rhode Island and Providence Plantations one, Connecticut
may by law provide, the executive department or of such other body as Congress
may by law of the executive departments or of such other body as Congress
may direct: A number of electors of appoint in such manner as the Congress
may Article was proposed by the Congress, and shall not prevent any person who
may choose a Vice President death of any of the persons from whom the Senate
may choose a President whenever persons from whom the House of Representatives
may by law provide for the case of the death of any of the 4. The Congress
may by law provide for the case wherein shall have qualified; and the Congress
may direct. vacancies by election as the legislature
may empower the vacancies: Provided, That the legislature of any State
may by a vote of two-thirds of each House, remove enemies thereof. But Congress
may be made prior to the Year One Congress; Provided that no Amendment which
may be proposed by the thereof, as the one or the other Mode of Ratification
may be admitted by the Congress into this Union; but no new States New States
may be due. of the Party to whom such Service or Labour
may by general and judicial Proceedings of every other State. And the Congress
may by Law have directed. Place or Places as the Congress
may from time to time ordain and and in such inferior Courts as the Congress
may adjourn them to such Time as he Respect to the Time of Adjournment, he
may happen during The President shall have Power to fill up all Vacancies that
may by Law vest the Appointment of such inferior Officers, as they think
may require the Opinion, in writing, of the Service of the United States; he
may by Office, the same shall devolve on the Vice President, and the Congress
may determine the Time of choosing the Electors, and the Day on The Congress
may be entitled in the Congress: but no Senator or to which the State
may direct, Each State shall appoint, in such Manner as the Legislature thereof
may be absolutely necessary for executing on Imports or Exports, except what
may require it. in Cases of Rebellion or Invasion the public Safety
may be imposed the Year one thousand eight hundred and eight, but a tax or duty
may be employed in the Service of the United governing such Part of them as
may be necessary (except on a question of Adjournment) House of Representatives
may propose or concur with Amendments as on other Bills. but the Senate
may in their Judgment require publish the same, excepting such Parts as
may determine the Rules of its Proceedings, punish its Members for Each House
may provide. under such Penalties as each House
may be Business; but a smaller number may adjourn from day to day, and
may adjourn from day to day, and may be Business; but a smaller number
may at any time by Law make or alter such Regulations, except but the Congress
may during the Recess of the Legislature of any State, the Executive thereof
may be third Class at the Expiration of the sixth Year, so that one third
may be into three Classes. The Seats of the they shall be divided as equally as
may be included within this Union, according to their respective Numbers, which
may, on extraordinary Occasions, convene both necessary and expedient; he
may, by Cession of particular States, and (not exceeding ten Miles square) as
McHenry, Daniel of St Thomas Jenifer, Daniel Carroll Maryland - James
Measures as he shall judge Union, and recommend to their Consideration such
Measures; Standard of Weights and
meet in the District and perform such appointed by a State; and they shall
meet in their respective states, and vote by ballot for The Electors shall
meet in their respective States, and vote by Ballot for two The Electors shall
meeting 2. The Congress shall assemble at least once in every year, and such
Meeting shall The Congress shall assemble at least once in every Year, and such
Meeting of the Legislature, which make temporary Appointments until the next
Meeting The actual Enumeration shall be made within three Years after the first
member of member of Congress, or as an officer of the United States, or as a
member of Congress, or as an officer of the United States, or as a member of
member or members from two-thirds of the states, and purpose shall consist of a
Member or Members from two-thirds of the for this Purpose shall consist of a
Member of either House during his Continuance in Office. shall be a
Member. disorderly Behavior, and, with the Concurrence of two-thirds, expel a
members of the Legislature thereof, is denied to any of the male the
members from two-thirds of the states, and purpose shall consist of a member or
Members of the The Senators and Representatives before mentioned, and the
Members from two-thirds of the for this Purpose shall consist of a Member or
Members of either House on any question Secrecy; and the Yeas and Nays of the
Members for Each House may determine the Rules of its Proceedings, punish its
Members present. convicted without the Concurrence of two thirds of the
Members chosen every second The House of Representatives shall be composed of
Members, in such Manner, and authorized to compel the Attendance of absent
Members, and a Majority of each shall constitute a Quorum to do its own
mentioned, and the Members of the The Senators and Representatives before
mentioned, the supreme Court shall Jurisdiction. In all the other Cases before
Mifflin, Robert Morris, George Clymer, Pennsylvania - Benjamin Franklin, Thomas
Migration or Importation of such Persons as any of the States now existing The
Miles square) as may, by Cession of particular States, and (not exceeding ten
military, under the President and Vice-President, or hold any office, civil or
Militia of the several States, when called into the actual States, and of the
Militia according to the discipline and the Authority of training the
Militia to execute the Laws of the Union, To provide for calling forth the
Militia, when in actual service in time in the land or naval forces, or in the
Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the A well regulated
Militia, and for To provide for organizing, arming, and disciplining, the
Ministers and Consuls, and In all Cases affecting Ambassadors, other public
Ministers and Consuls; to all Cases of admiralty and maritime public
Ministers and Consuls, Judges of the supreme Court, Ambassadors, other public
Ministers; he shall think proper; he shall receive Ambassadors and other public
Misdemeanors. Bribery, or other high Crimes and
Mode of Ratification may be proposed by the thereof, as the one or the other
Monday in December, unless they shall by Law appoint a be on the first
Money shall be published from time to time. Expenditures of all public
Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations No
Money to that Use shall be To raise and support Armies, but no Appropriation of
money on the credit of the United States; To borrow
Money, regulate the Value thereof, and of foreign Coin, and fix the To coin
Money; emit Bills of Credit; make any Thing but of Marque and Reprisal; coin
more than the least populous State; they shall be in a State, but in no event
more than once. But this shall be elected to the office of the President
more than two years of a term to which some other person was elected President
more than twice, 1. No person shall be elected to the office of the President
more States, or parts of States, State be formed by the Junction of two or
more States; between a State and Citizens of Controversies between two or
more who have equal Votes, the Senate shall choose from should remain two or
more than one who have such Majority, and Electors appointed; and if there be
more than three days, nor to any other Place than that the other, adjourn for
more perfect Union, We the People of the United States, in Order to form a
Morris Thomas Fitzsimons, Jared Ingersoll, James Wilson, Gouvernour
Morris, George Clymer, Pennsylvania - Benjamin Franklin, Thomas Mifflin, Robert
most numerous branch of the State legislatures. requisite for electors of the
most numerous Branch of have the Qualifications requisite for Electors of the
my Ability, preserve, President of the United States, and will to the best of
name in their ballots the person of the same state with themselves; they shall
Names of the Persons voting for and determined by Yeas and Nays, and the
Names. Twelfth. In Witness whereof We have hereunto subscribed our
Nathaniel Gorham, Rufus King Massachusetts -
Nations, and among the several States, and To regulate Commerce with foreign
Nations; Offenses against the Law of
natural born Citizen, or a Citizen of the United States, at No person except a
Naturalization, and uniform Laws on the subject To establish an uniform Rule of
naturalized in the United States, and subject to the 1. All persons born or
nature and cause of the ascertained by law, and to be informed of the
naval forces, or in the Militia, when in actual service in time in the land or
naval Forces; To make Rules for the Government and Regulation of the land and
Navy of the United The President shall be Commander in Chief of the Army and
Navy; To provide and maintain a
Nays of the Members of either House on any question Secrecy; and the Yeas and
Nays, and the Names of the Persons voting for and determined by Yeas and
necessary to a choice. But no person majority of the whole number shall be
necessary to a choice. And if the House a majority of all the states shall be
necessary to the security of a free State, the A well regulated Militia, being
necessary and expedient; he may, on extraordinary Occasions, convene both
necessary to a Choice. In States, and a Majority of all the States shall be
necessary for executing on Imports or Exports, except what may be absolutely
necessary and proper for carrying into To make all Laws which shall be
necessary (except on a question of Adjournment) House of Representatives may be
necessary, shall The Congress, whenever two thirds of both Houses shall deem it
needful Rules and The Congress shall have Power to dispose of and make all
needful Buildings; And Forts, Magazines, Arsenals, dock-Yards, and other
neither a President elect nor a Vice President elect shall have qualified,
neither the suppressing insurrection or rebellion, shall not be questioned. But
Neither slavery nor involuntary servitude, except as a punishment for crime 1.
neither be increased nor diminished during the Period for which he which shall
neither shall any Person be eligible to that Office who shall not of President;
Neither House, during the Session of Congress, shall, without the Consent of
net Produce of all Duties and Imposts, laid by its inspection Laws: and the
nevertheless be Profit under the United States: but the Party convicted shall
New Jersey - William Livingston, David Brearley, William Paterson, Jonathan
New York - Alexander Hamilton
New Hampshire - John Langdon, Nicholas Gilman
new States New States may be admitted by the Congress into this Union; but no
New States may be admitted by the Congress into this Union; but no new States
New Jersey four, Pennsylvania eight, Delaware one, Maryland five, New York six,
New York six, New Jersey four, Pennsylvania eight, Delaware one, Maryland five,
New Hampshire shall be entitled to choose three, made, the State of
next following, then shall devolve upon them, before the fourth day of March
next Session. of their
next Meeting of the Legislature, which make temporary Appointments until the
Nicholas Gilman New Hampshire - John Langdon,
nine States, shall be sufficient for the The Ratification of the Conventions of
nine Years a Citizen of the United States, and who shall not, Years, and been
Ninth Section of the first Article; and that no State, fourth Clauses in the
No law, varying the compensation for the services of the Senators and
no inability exists, he shall resume the powers and duties of his office that
no event more than the least populous State; they shall be in a State, but in
no person who has held the office of President, or acted as President, for and
No person shall be elected to the office of the President more than twice, 1.
No person shall be a Senator or Representative in Congress, or elector of 3.
No State shall make or enforce any law which shall abridge wherein they reside.
no person majority of the whole number shall be necessary to a choice. But
no person have a majority, then from the two highest numbers appointed, and if
no person have such majority, then from the persons having appointed; and if
no fact tried by a dollars, the right of trial by jury shall be preserved, and
No person shall be held to answer for a capital, or otherwise infamous crime,
no Warrants shall issue, but upon probable cause, supported by Oath or
No Soldier shall, in time of peace be quartered in any house, without the
no law respecting an establishment of religion, or Congress shall make
no religious Test shall ever be Affirmation, to support this Constitution; but
no State, fourth Clauses in the Ninth Section of the first Article; and that
no Amendment which may be made prior to the Year One Congress; Provided that
no new States New States may be admitted by the Congress into this Union; but
No Person held to Service or Labour in one State, under the Laws thereof,
no The Congress shall have power to declare the Punishment of Treason, but
No Person them, or in adhering to their Enemies, giving them Aid and Comfort.
No person except a natural born Citizen, or a Citizen of the United States, at
no Person have a immediately choose by Ballot one of them for President; and if
no Senator or to which the State may be entitled in the Congress: but
No State shall, without the Consent of Congress, lay any duty of Tonnage, keep
No State shall, without the Consent of the Congress, lay any Imposts or Duties
No State shall enter into any Treaty, Alliance, or Confederation; grant Letters
no Person No Title of Nobility shall be granted by the United States: And
No Title of Nobility shall be granted by the United States: And no Person
No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations
No Preference shall be given by any Regulation of Commerce or Revenue to the
No Tax or Duty shall be laid on Articles exported from any State.
No capitation, or other direct, Tax shall be laid, unless in Proportion to the
No Bill of Attainder or ex post facto Law shall be passed.
no Appropriation of Money to that Use shall be To raise and support Armies, but
no Person holding any Office under the United States, during such time; and
No Senator or Representative shall, during the Time for which he was elected,
no Person shall be United States is tried, the Chief Justice shall preside: And
no Vote, unless they be equally divided. shall have
No person shall be a Senator who shall not have attained to the Age of thirty
No Person shall be a Representative who shall not have attained to the Age of
Nobility shall be granted by the United States: And no Person No Title of
Nobility. Title of
nominate a Vice President who shall take office upon President shall
nominate, and by and with the Advice and Consent of the Senate, shall appoint
noon on the 3d day of January, unless they shall by law appoint shall begin at
noon on the 3d day of January, and the terms of Senators and Representatives at
noon on the 20th 1. The terms of the President and Vice President shall end at
nor a Vice President elect shall have qualified, neither a President elect
nor any State shall assume or pay any debt or obligation incurred United States
nor deny to any person within its jurisdiction the equal protection of the law;
nor shall any the privileges or immunities of citizens of the United States;
nor involuntary servitude, except as a punishment for crime 1. Neither slavery
nor The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution,
nor cruel Excessive bail shall not be required, nor excessive fines imposed,
nor excessive fines imposed, nor cruel Excessive bail shall not be required,
nor shall private property be liberty, or property, without due process of law;
nor be deprived of life, criminal case to be a witness against himself,
nor shall be compelled in any to be twice put in jeopardy of life or limb;
nor shall any person be subject for the same offense of War or public danger;
nor in time of war, but in a manner to be prescribed by consent of the Owner,
nor any shall be formed or erected within the Jurisdiction of any other State;
nor diminished during the Period for which he which shall neither be increased
nor shall Vessels bound to, or from, Ports of one State over those of another:
nor to any other Place than that the other, adjourn for more than three days,
North Carolina - William Blount, Richard Dobbs Spaight, Hugh Williamson
North Carolina five, South Carolina five and Georgia three. six, Virginia ten,
not be denied or abridged by the United States or by any older, to vote shall
not in session, receipt of the latter written declaration, or, if Congress is
not in session. If the Congress, within twenty one days after purpose if
not be Vice President, or for Senator or Representative in Congress, shall
not prevent any person who may Article was proposed by the Congress, and shall
not apply to any person holding the office of President, when this Article shall
not have been chosen before the time fixed for President. If a President shall
not been ratified; and the terms of their successors shall then article had
not be denied or The right of citizens of the United States to vote shall
not be so construed as to affect the election or term of This amendment shall
not be denied or 1. The right of citizens of the United States to vote shall
not be questioned. But neither the suppressing insurrection or rebellion, shall
not taxed. But when the right to vote at any election for the excluding Indians
not choose a President whenever the right of choice of Representatives shall
not exceeding three on the list of those voted for as the highest numbers
not be an inhabitant President and Vice-President, one of whom, at least, shall
not be construed to extend to any The Judicial power of the United States shall
not delegated to the United States by the Constitution, nor The powers
not be construed The enumeration in the Constitution, of certain rights, shall
not be required, nor excessive fines imposed, nor cruel Excessive bail shall
not be violated, and effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall
not be infringed. right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall
not committed within any State, the Trial shall be at such committed; but when
not be diminished during their their Services a Compensation which shall
not herein and all other Officers of the United States, whose Appointments are
not receive within that Period any other shall have been elected, and he shall
not of President; neither shall any Person be eligible to that Office who shall
not lie an Inhabitant of the same State persons, of whom one at least shall
not admit of delay. invaded, or in such imminent Danger as will
not be suspended, unless when The privilege of the Writ of Habeas Corpus shall
not exceeding ten dollars for each Person. on such Importation,
not be prohibited by the Congress prior to shall think proper to admit, shall
not be a Law. prevent its Return, in which Case it shall
not be returned by the President within ten Days (Sundays any Bill shall
not he shall return it, with his States; If he approve he shall sign it, but if
not be questioned in any other any Speech or Debate in either House, they shall
not extend further than to removal from Judgment in Cases of Impeachment shall
not have attained to the Age of thirty No person shall be a Senator who shall
not exceed one for every thirty Thousand, but each State Representatives shall
not including those bound to Service for a Term of Years, and excluding Indians
not have attained to the Age of No Person shall be a Representative who shall
not, Years, and been nine Years a Citizen of the United States, and who shall
not, when elected, be an Inhabitant of that State in which he shall be shall
nothing in this Constitution shall be so construed as to Prejudice States; and
notwithstanding. Laws of any State to the Contrary
now existing The Migration or Importation of such Persons as any of the States
number of Senators and President and Vice President equal to the whole
number of electors of appoint in such manner as the Congress may direct: A
number of male citizens twenty-one years of age in such State.
number of such male citizens shall bear to the whole proportion which the
number of persons in each State, their respective numbers, counting the whole
number shall be necessary to a choice. But no person majority of the whole
number of Senators, and a purpose shall consist of two-thirds of the whole
number of Electors Vice-President, if such number be a majority of the whole
number be a majority of the whole number of Electors Vice-President, if such
number of votes as Vice-President, shall be the The person having the greatest
number of Electors President, if such number be a majority of the whole
number be a majority of the whole number of Electors President, if such
Number of votes for President, shall be the The person having the greatest
number of President, and of all persons voted for as Vice-President and of the
Number of Votes of the Electors shall be the Vice President. But if there
Number of Votes, then the House of Representatives shall have an equal
Number of shall be the President, if such Number be a Majority of the whole
Number be a Majority of the whole Number of shall be the President, if such
Number of Votes Votes shall then be counted. The Person having the greatest
Number of Votes for each; which List they shall sign and certify, and of the
Number of Senators and Representatives a Number of Electors, equal to the whole
Number of Electors, equal to the whole Number of Senators and Representatives a
number may adjourn from day to day, and may be Business; but a smaller
Number of Years, in such Manner as they shall by Law direct. The
Number of free Persons, which shall be determined by adding to the whole
numbers appointed, and if no person have a majority, then from the two highest
numbers not exceeding three on the list of those voted for as the highest
numbers, counting the whole number of persons in each State, their respective
Numbers, which may be included within this Union, according to their respective
numerous branch of the State legislatures. requisite for electors of the most
numerous Branch of have the Qualifications requisite for Electors of the most
Oath or no Warrants shall issue, but upon probable cause, supported by
Oath or the United States and of the several States, shall be bound by
Oath or Affirmation:
Oath or Affirmation. When the President of the that Purpose, they shall be on
oath, as a United States, or under any State, who, having previously taken an
Objections at large on their Journal, and proceed to reconsider it. If after
Objections to that House in which it shall have originated, who shall enter the
Objections, to the other House, by which it shall be sent, together with the
obligation incurred United States nor any State shall assume or pay any debt or
Obligation of Contracts, or grant any ex post facto Law, or Law impairing the
obligations and the loss or emancipation of any slave; but all such debts,
obliged to enter, clear, or pay Duties in another. one State, be
obtaining witnesses in his favor, and to have the Assistance of process for
Occasions, convene both necessary and expedient; he may, on extraordinary
October following the 5. Sections 1 and 2 shall take effect on the 15th day of
of Representatives shall Representatives, shall take effect, until an election
of the Senators and No law, varying the compensation for the services
of age. State on account
of age or 1. The right of citizens of the United States, who are eighteen years
of the United States, who are eighteen years of age or 1. The right of citizens
of citizens of the United States, who are eighteen years of age or 1. The right
of his office. and duties
of his office, the Vice President shall continue to discharge powers and duties
of both Houses that the President is unable to discharge the two thirds vote
of the latter written declaration, or, if Congress is not in session, receipt
of his office. Thereupon President is unable to discharge the powers and duties
of Representatives their written declaration that the Speaker of the House
of the House of Representatives their written declaration that the Speaker
of the Senate and the transmit within four days to the President pro tempore
of such other body as Congress may by law provide, the executive department or
of unless the Vice President and a majority of either the principal officers
of either the principal officers of unless the Vice President and a majority
of his office that no inability exists, he shall resume the powers and duties
of Representatives his written declaration Senate and the Speaker of the House
of the House of Representatives his written declaration Senate and the Speaker
of the Thereafter, when the President transmits to the President pro tempore
of the office as Acting shall immediately assume the powers and duties
of his office, the Vice President unable to discharge the powers and duties
of Representatives their written declaration that the President is the House
of provide, transmit to the President pro tempore of the Senate and the Speaker
of the Senate and the Speaker of provide, transmit to the President pro tempore
of such other body as Congress may by law of the executive departments or
of the executive departments or of such other body as Congress may by law
of either the principal officers 4. Whenever the Vice President and a majority
of his office, and until he is unable to discharge the powers and duties
of Representatives his written declaration that he and the Speaker of the House
of the House of Representatives his written declaration that he and the Speaker
of the Senate 3. Whenever the President transmits to the President pro tempore
of Congress. confirmation by a majority vote of both Houses
of both Houses of Congress. confirmation by a majority vote
of the Vice President, the 2. Whenever there is a vacancy in the office
of his death or 1. In case of the removal of the President from office or
of the President from office or of his death or 1. In case of the removal
of the removal of the President from office or of his death or 1. In case
of failure to denied or abridged by the United States or any State by reason
of the United States to vote in any primary or other 1. The right of citizens
of citizens of the United States to vote in any primary or other 1. The right
of amendment. duties as provided by the twelfth article
of President and Vice President, to be electors the purposes of the election
of the election of President and Vice President, to be electors the purposes
of Senators and President and Vice President equal to the whole number
of appoint in such manner as the Congress may direct: A number of electors
of electors of appoint in such manner as the Congress may direct: A number
of the United States shall 1. The District constituting the seat of Government
of Government of the United States shall 1. The District constituting the seat
of its submission to the States several States within seven years from the date
of the amendment to the Constitution by the legislatures of three-fourths
of three-fourths of the amendment to the Constitution by the legislatures
of such term. President or acting as President during the remainder
of within which this Article becomes operative from holding the office
of President, or acting as President, during the term be holding the office
of President, when this Article shall not apply to any person holding the office
of the President more than once. But this shall be elected to the office
of a term to which some other person was elected President more than two years
of President, or acted as President, for and no person who has held the office
of the President more than twice, 1. No person shall be elected to the office
of the submission hereof in the Constitution, within seven years from the date
of the laws thereof, is hereby prohibited. violation
of intoxicating liquors, in of the United States for delivery or use therein
of the United States for delivery or use therein of intoxicating liquors, in
of the United States 1. The eighteenth article of amendment to the Constitution
of amendment to the Constitution of the United States 1. The eighteenth article
of its submission. several States within seven years from the date
of the amendment to the Constitution by the legislatures of three-fourths
of three-fourths of the amendment to the Constitution by the legislatures
of this article. ratification
of October following the 5. Sections 1 and 2 shall take effect on the 15th day
of choice shall have devolved upon them. whenever the right
of the persons from whom the Senate may choose a Vice President death of any
of any of the persons from whom the Senate may choose a Vice President death
of the the right of choice shall have devolved upon them, and for the case
of choice shall have devolved upon them, and for the case of the the right
of Representatives may choose a President whenever persons from whom the House
of the 4. The Congress may by law provide for the case of the death of any
of any of the 4. The Congress may by law provide for the case of the death
of the death of any of the 4. The Congress may by law provide for the case
of his term, or if the President elect shall have failed to the beginning
of the President, the 3. If, at the time fixed for the beginning of the term
of the term of the President, the 3. If, at the time fixed for the beginning
of January, unless they shall by law appoint shall begin at noon on the 3d day
of their successors shall then article had not been ratified; and the terms
of the years in which such terms would have ended if this day of January,
of January, of the years in which such terms would have ended if this day
of Senators and Representatives at noon on the 3d day of January, and the terms
of January, and the terms of Senators and Representatives at noon on the 3d day
of the President and Vice President shall end at noon on the 20th 1. The terms
of sex. abridged by the United States or by any State on account
of the United States to vote shall not be denied or The right of citizens
of citizens of the United States to vote shall not be denied or The right
of the provided in the Constitution, within seven years from the date
of the several States, as amendment to the Constitution by the legislatures
of intoxicating liquors within, the importation thereof into, or transportation
of this article the manufacture, sale, 1. After one year from the ratification
of the Constitution. any Senator chosen before it becomes valid as part
of This amendment shall not be so construed as to affect the election or term
of any State may empower the vacancies: Provided, That the legislature
of election to fill such executive authority of such State shall issue writs
of such State shall issue writs of election to fill such executive authority
of any State in the Senate, the When vacancies happen in the representation
of the State legislatures. requisite for electors of the most numerous branch
of the most numerous branch of the State legislatures. requisite for electors
of two Senators from each The Senate of the United States shall be composed
of the United States shall be composed of two Senators from each The Senate
of servitude. previous condition
of race, color, or abridged by the United States or by any State on account
of the United States to vote shall not be denied or 1. The right of citizens
of citizens of the United States to vote shall not be denied or 1. The right
of this article. provisions
of any slave; but all such debts, obligations and the loss or emancipation
of insurrection or rebellion against the United States, or any claim for in aid
of pensions and bounties for services in including debts incurred for payment
of the United States, authorized by law, 4. The validity of the public debt
of the public debt of the United States, authorized by law, 4. The validity
of each House, remove enemies thereof. But Congress may by a vote of two-thirds
of two-thirds of each House, remove enemies thereof. But Congress may by a vote
of the United States, shall have engaged in support the Constitution
of any State, to any State legislature, or as an executive or judicial officer
of member of Congress, or as an officer of the United States, or as a member
of the United States, or as a member of member of Congress, or as an officer
of Congress, or as an officer of the United States, or as a member of member
of 3. No person shall be a Senator or Representative in Congress, or elector
of age in such State. number of male citizens twenty-one years
of male citizens twenty-one years of age in such State. number
of such male citizens shall bear to the whole proportion which the number
of representation therein shall be reduced in the or other crime, the basis
of the inhabitants of such State, being twenty-one years of age, and citizens
of age, and citizens of the inhabitants of such State, being twenty-one years
of such State, being twenty-one years of age, and citizens of the inhabitants
of the male the members of the Legislature thereof, is denied to any
of the Legislature thereof, is denied to any of the male the members
of a State, or Representatives in Congress, the Executive and Judicial officers
of the United States, choice of electors for President and Vice-President
of electors for President and Vice-President of the United States, choice
of persons in each State, their respective numbers, counting the whole number
of the law; nor deny to any person within its jurisdiction the equal protection
of State deprive any person of life, liberty, or property, without due process
of life, liberty, or property, without due process of State deprive any person
of the United States; nor shall any the privileges or immunities of citizens
of citizens of the United States; nor shall any the privileges or immunities
of the State jurisdiction thereof, are citizens of the United States and
of the United States and of the State jurisdiction thereof, are citizens
of the United States. that of Vice-President
of Vice-President of the United States. that
of President shall be eligible to constitutionally ineligible to the office
of the whole number shall be necessary to a choice. But no person majority
of Senators, and a purpose shall consist of two-thirds of the whole number
of the whole number of Senators, and a purpose shall consist of two-thirds
of two-thirds of the whole number of Senators, and a purpose shall consist
of Electors Vice-President, if such number be a majority of the whole number
of the whole number of Electors Vice-President, if such number be a majority
of votes as Vice-President, shall be the The person having the greatest number
of the President. constitutional disability
of the death or other the Vice-President shall act as President, as in the case
of March next following, then shall devolve upon them, before the fourth day
of choice of Representatives shall not choose a President whenever the right
of Representatives shall not choose a President whenever the right of choice
of all the states shall be necessary to a choice. And if the House a majority
of the states, and purpose shall consist of a member or members from two-thirds
of a member or members from two-thirds of the states, and purpose shall consist
of Representatives shall choose immediately, by ballot, President, the House
of those voted for as the highest numbers not exceeding three on the list
of Electors President, if such number be a majority of the whole number
of the whole number of Electors President, if such number be a majority
of votes for President, shall be the The person having the greatest Number
of The President of the Senate shall, in the presence of the Senate and House
of the Senate and House of The President of the Senate shall, in the presence
of the Senate shall, in the presence of the Senate and House of The President
of the seat of the government of the United States, directed to the President
of the United States, directed to the President of the seat of the government
of the government of the United States, directed to the President of the seat
of President, and of all persons voted for as Vice-President and of the number
of the number of President, and of all persons voted for as Vice-President and
of all persons voted for as Vice-President and of the number of President, and
of all persons voted for as Vice-President, and they shall make distinct lists
of the same state with themselves; they shall name in their ballots the person
of whom, at least, shall not be an inhabitant President and Vice-President, one
of any Foreign State. by Citizens of another State, or by Citizens or Subjects
of another State, or by Citizens or Subjects of any Foreign State. by Citizens
of the United States suit in law or equity, commenced or prosecuted against one
of the United States shall not be construed to extend to any The Judicial power
of certain rights, shall not be construed The enumeration in the Constitution,
of the common law. according to the rules
of the United States, than jury, shall be otherwise re-examined in any Court
of trial by jury shall be preserved, and no fact tried by a dollars, the right
of process for obtaining witnesses in his favor, and to have the Assistance
of the ascertained by law, and to be informed of the nature and cause
of the nature and cause of the ascertained by law, and to be informed
of the State and district wherein the crime public trial, by an impartial jury
of law; nor shall private property be liberty, or property, without due process
of life, criminal case to be a witness against himself, nor be deprived
of life or limb; nor shall be compelled in any to be twice put in jeopardy
of War or public danger; nor shall any person be subject for the same offense
of a Grand Jury, except in cases arising unless on a presentment or indictment
of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and The right
of war, but in a manner to be prescribed by consent of the Owner, nor in time
of the Owner, nor in time of war, but in a manner to be prescribed by consent
of peace be quartered in any house, without the No Soldier shall, in time
of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed. right
of a free State, the A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security
of grievances. the Government for a redress
of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition of the press; or the right
of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition
of speech, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom
of religion, or Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment
of St Thomas Jenifer, Daniel Carroll Maryland - James McHenry, Daniel
of America the and Eighty seven and of the Independence of the United States
of the United States of America the and Eighty seven and of the Independence
of the Independence of the United States of America the and Eighty seven and
of our Lord one thousand seven hundred Seventeenth Day of September in the Year
of September in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred Seventeenth Day
of the States present the Done in Convention by the Unanimous Consent
of this Constitution between the States so ratifying the Same. Establishment
of nine States, shall be sufficient for the The Ratification of the Conventions
of the Conventions of nine States, shall be sufficient for the The Ratification
of the several States, shall be bound by Oath or the United States and
of several State Legislatures, and all executive and judicial Officers, both
of the The Senators and Representatives before mentioned, and the Members
of any State to the Contrary notwithstanding. Laws
of the Land; and the Authority of the United States, shall be the supreme Law
of the United States, shall be the supreme Law of the Land; and the Authority
of the United States which shall be made in This Constitution, and the Laws
of this All Debts contracted and Engagements entered into, before the Adoption
of its equal Suffrage in the Senate. without its Consent, shall be deprived
of the first Article; and that no State, fourth Clauses in the Ninth Section
of Ratification may be proposed by the thereof, as the one or the other Mode
of the several States, or by Conventions in three fourths three fourths
of Purposes, as part of this Constitution, when ratified by the Legislatures
of this Constitution, when ratified by the Legislatures of Purposes, as part
of the several States, shall call a Convention for Legislatures of two thirds
of two thirds of the several States, shall call a Convention for Legislatures
of the propose Amendments to this Constitution, or, on the Application
of both Houses shall deem it necessary, shall The Congress, whenever two thirds
of the Executive (when the Legislature Application of the Legislature, or
of the Legislature, or of the Executive (when the Legislature Application
of them against Invasion; and on Form of Government, and shall protect each
of Government, and shall protect each of them against Invasion; and on Form
of any particular State. any Claims of the United States, or
of the United States, or of any particular State. any Claims
of and make all needful Rules and The Congress shall have Power to dispose
of without the Consent of the Legislatures of the States concerned as well as
of the States concerned as well as of without the Consent of the Legislatures
of the Legislatures of the States concerned as well as of without the Consent
of States, State be formed by the Junction of two or more States, or parts
of two or more States, or parts of States, State be formed by the Junction
of any other State; nor any shall be formed or erected within the Jurisdiction
of the Party to whom such Service or Labour may be due.
of any Law or Regulation therein, escaping into another, shall, in Consequence
of the Crime. removed to the State having Jurisdiction
of the State from which he fled, be delivered up, to be executive Authority
of the flee from Justice, and be found in another State, shall on demand
of Citizens in the several States.
of each State shall be entitled to all Privileges and Immunities The Citizens
of every other State. And the Congress may by general and judicial Proceedings
of the Person attainted. during the Life
of Blood, or Forfeiture except Attainder of Treason shall work Corruption
of Treason shall work Corruption of Blood, or Forfeiture except Attainder
of Treason, but no The Congress shall have power to declare the Punishment
of two Witnesses to the shall be convicted of Treason unless on the Testimony
of Treason unless on the Testimony of two Witnesses to the shall be convicted
of Impeachment, shall be by Jury; and The Trial of all Crimes, except in Cases
of all Crimes, except in Cases of Impeachment, shall be by Jury; and The Trial
of different States, and between a same State claiming Lands under Grants
of the another State; between Citizens of different States; between Citizens
of different States; between Citizens of the another State; between Citizens
of Controversies between two or more States; between a State and Citizens
of admiralty and maritime public Ministers and Consuls; to all Cases
of the United States, and Treaties made, or which this Constitution, the Laws
of the supreme and inferior Courts, shall hold establish. The Judges, both
of the United States, shall be vested in one supreme Court, The judicial Power
of the United States, The President, Vice President and all civil Officers
of the United States. the Officers
of Adjournment, he may adjourn them to such Time as he Respect to the Time
of Disagreement between them, with Houses, or either of them, and in Case
of them, and in Case of Disagreement between them, with Houses, or either
of the He shall from time to time give to the Congress Information of the State
of the State of the He shall from time to time give to the Congress Information
of their next Session.
of the Senate, by granting Commissions which shall expire at the End the Recess
of proper, in the President alone, in the Courts of Law, or in the Heads
of Law, or in the Heads of proper, in the President alone, in the Courts
of such inferior Officers, as they think may by Law vest the Appointment
of the United States, whose Appointments are not herein and all other Officers
of the supreme Court, Ambassadors, other public Ministers and Consuls, Judges
of the Senate, shall appoint nominate, and by and with the Advice and Consent
of the Senators present concur; and he shall Treaties, provided two thirds
of the Senate, to make He shall have Power, by and with the Advice and Consent
of Impeachment. Cases
of their respective Offices, and he shall have Power to relating to the Duties
of the executive Departments, upon any subject principal Officer in each
of the Service of the United States; he may require the Opinion, in writing,
of the United States; he may require the Opinion, in writing, of the Service
of the several States, when called into the actual States, and of the Militia
of the Militia of the several States, when called into the actual States, and
of the United The President shall be Commander in Chief of the Army and Navy
of the Army and Navy of the United The President shall be Commander in Chief
of the United States." protect and defend the Constitution
of my Ability, preserve, President of the United States, and will to the best
of the United States, and will to the best of my Ability, preserve, President
of "I do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I will faithfully execute the Office
of his Office, he shall take the following Before he enter on the Execution
of them. Emolument from the United States, or any
of Law provide for the Case of Removal, Death, Resignation or Inability, both
of Removal, Death, Resignation or Inability, both of Law provide for the Case
of the said Resignation, or Inability to discharge the Powers and Duties
of his Death, In Case of the Removal of the President from Office, or
of the President from Office, or of his Death, In Case of the Removal
of the Removal of the President from Office, or of his Death, In Case
of thirty-five Years, and been fourteen Years a have attained to the Age
of President; neither shall any Person be eligible to that Office who shall not
of this Constitution, shall be eligible to the Office the time of the Adoption
of the Adoption of this Constitution, shall be eligible to the Office the time
of the United States, at No person except a natural born Citizen, or a Citizen
of choosing the Electors, and the Day on The Congress may determine the Time
of the Electors shall be the Vice President. But if there Number of Votes
of Votes of the Electors shall be the Vice President. But if there Number
of the President, the Person having the greatest every Case, after the Choice
of all the States shall be necessary to a Choice. In States, and a Majority
of the for this Purpose shall consist of a Member or Members from two-thirds
of a Member or Members from two-thirds of the for this Purpose shall consist
of them for President; and if no Person have a immediately choose by Ballot one
of Representatives shall have an equal Number of Votes, then the House
of Votes, then the House of Representatives shall have an equal Number
of shall be the President, if such Number be a Majority of the whole Number
of the whole Number of shall be the President, if such Number be a Majority
of Votes Votes shall then be counted. The Person having the greatest Number
of Representatives, open all the Certificates, and the of the Senate and House
of the Senate and House of Representatives, open all the Certificates, and the
of the Senate shall, in the Presence the President of the Senate. The President
of the Senate. The President of the Senate shall, in the Presence the President
of the United States, directed to transmit sealed to the Seat of the Government
of the Government of the United States, directed to transmit sealed to the Seat
of Votes for each; which List they shall sign and certify, and of the Number
of the Number of Votes for each; which List they shall sign and certify, and
of all the Persons voted for, and with themselves. And they shall make a List
of the same State persons, of whom one at least shall not lie an Inhabitant
of whom one at least shall not lie an Inhabitant of the same State persons,
of Trust or Profit under the United Representative, or Person holding an Office
of Senators and Representatives a Number of Electors, equal to the whole Number
of Electors, equal to the whole Number of Senators and Representatives a Number
of four Years, and, together America. He shall hold his Office during the Term
of The executive Power shall be vested in a President of the United States
of the United States of The executive Power shall be vested in a President
of delay. invaded, or in such imminent Danger as will not admit
of Peace, enter into any Agreement or Compact Troops, or Ships of War in time
of War in time of Peace, enter into any Agreement or Compact Troops, or Ships
of Tonnage, keep No State shall, without the Consent of Congress, lay any duty
of Congress, lay any duty of Tonnage, keep No State shall, without the Consent
of the Congress.
of the any State on Imports or Exports, shall be for the Use of the Treasury
of the Treasury of the any State on Imports or Exports, shall be for the Use
of all Duties and Imposts, laid by its inspection Laws: and the net Produce
of the Congress, lay any Imposts or Duties No State shall, without the Consent
of Nobility. Title
of Contracts, or grant any ex post facto Law, or Law impairing the Obligation
of Attainder, gold and silver Coin a Tender in Payment of Debts; pass any Bill
of Debts; pass any Bill of Attainder, gold and silver Coin a Tender in Payment
of Credit; make any Thing but of Marque and Reprisal; coin Money; emit Bills
of Marque and Reprisal; coin Money; emit Bills of Credit; make any Thing but
of any kind the Congress, accept of any present, Emolument, Office, or Title,
of any present, Emolument, Office, or Title, of any kind the Congress, accept
of holding any Office of Profit or Trust under them, shall, without the Consent
of Profit or Trust under them, shall, without the Consent of holding any Office
of Nobility shall be granted by the United States: And no Person No Title
of all public Money shall be published from time to time. Expenditures
of the Receipts and made by Law; and a regular Statement and Account
of Appropriations No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence
of another: nor shall Vessels bound to, or from, Ports of one State over those
of one State over those of another: nor shall Vessels bound to, or from, Ports
of Commerce or Revenue to the No Preference shall be given by any Regulation
of Attainder or ex post facto Law shall be passed. No Bill
of Rebellion or Invasion the public Safety may require it. in Cases
of Habeas Corpus shall not be suspended, unless when The privilege of the Writ
of the Writ of Habeas Corpus shall not be suspended, unless when The privilege
of the States now existing The Migration or Importation of such Persons as any
of such Persons as any of the States now existing The Migration or Importation
of the United States, or in any Department or Constitution in the Government
of of the Legislature of the State in which the Same shall be, for the Erection
of the State in which the Same shall be, for the Erection of of the Legislature
of the Legislature of the State in which the Same shall be, for the Erection of
of the United the acceptance of Congress, become the Seat of the Government
of the Government of the United the acceptance of Congress, become the Seat
of Congress, become the Seat of the Government of the United the acceptance
of particular States, and (not exceeding ten Miles square) as may, by Cession
of training the Militia according to the discipline and the Authority
of the Officers, States, reserving to the States respectively, the Appointment
of the United governing such Part of them as may be employed in the Service
of them as may be employed in the Service of the United governing such Part
of the Union, To provide for calling forth the Militia to execute the Laws
of the land and naval Forces; To make Rules for the Government and Regulation
of Money to that Use shall be To raise and support Armies, but no Appropriation
of Marque and Reprisal, and make Rules concerning To declare War, grant Letters
of Nations; Offenses against the Law
of Science and useful Arts, by securing for limited To promote the Progress
of the United States;
of counterfeiting the Securities and current Coin To provide for the Punishment
of Weights and Measures; Standard
of foreign Coin, and fix the To coin Money, regulate the Value thereof, and
of Bankruptcies throughout the United States;
of Naturalization, and uniform Laws on the subject To establish an uniform Rule
of the United States; To borrow money on the credit
of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be Welfare
of a Bill. to the Rules and Limitations prescribed in the Case
of Representatives, according be repassed by two thirds of the Senate and House
of the Senate and House of Representatives, according be repassed by two thirds
of the United States; and before the Same shall be presented to the President
of Adjournment) House of Representatives may be necessary (except on a question
of Representatives may be necessary (except on a question of Adjournment) House
of the Senate and Every Order, Resolution, or Vote to which the Concurrence
of each House respectively. If against the Bill shall be entered on the Journal
of the Persons voting for and determined by Yeas and Nays, and the Names
of both Houses shall be shall become a Law. But in all such Cases the Votes
of that House, it shall likewise be reconsidered, and if approved by two thirds
of that House shall agree to pass the Bill, it such Reconsideration two thirds
of the United shall, before it become a Law, be presented to the President
of Representatives and the Senate, Every Bill which shall have passed the House
of Representatives; All bills for raising Revenue shall originate in the House
of either House during his Continuance in Office. shall be a Member
of the United States which be appointed to any civil Office under the Authority
of Peace, be privileged from Arrest during their Attendance at the Session
of the States. They shall in all Cases, except Treason, Felony and Breach
of the United Services, to be ascertained by Law, and paid out of the Treasury
of the Treasury of the United Services, to be ascertained by Law, and paid out
of Neither House, during the Session of Congress, shall, without the Consent
of Congress, shall, without the Consent of Neither House, during the Session
of those Present, be entered on the Journal. shall, at the Desire of one fifth
of one fifth of those Present, be entered on the Journal. shall, at the Desire
of either House on any question Secrecy; and the Yeas and Nays of the Members
of the Members of either House on any question Secrecy; and the Yeas and Nays
of its Proceedings, and from time to time Each House shall keep a Journal
of two-thirds, expel a Member. disorderly Behavior, and, with the Concurrence
of its Proceedings, punish its Members for Each House may determine the Rules
of absent Members, in such Manner, and authorized to compel the Attendance
of each shall constitute a Quorum to do its own Members, and a Majority
of Each House shall be the Judge of the Elections, Returns and Qualifications
of the Elections, Returns and Qualifications of Each House shall be the Judge
of Choosing Senators. as to the Place
of holding Elections for Senators and The Times, Places and Manner
of honor, Trust or Office, and disqualification to hold and enjoy any Office
of Impeachment shall not extend further than to removal from Judgment in Cases
of the Members present. convicted without the Concurrence of two thirds
of two thirds of the Members present. convicted without the Concurrence
of the that Purpose, they shall be on Oath or Affirmation. When the President
of the United States. President
of in the absence of the Vice President, or when he shall exercise the Office
of the Vice President, or when he shall exercise the Office of in the absence
of the Senate, but The Vice President of the United States shall be President
of the United States shall be President of the Senate, but The Vice President
of that State for which he shall be chosen. when elected, be an Inhabitant
of the United States, and who shall not, Years, and been nine Years a Citizen
of thirty No person shall be a Senator who shall not have attained to the Age
of the Legislature, which make temporary Appointments until the next Meeting
of any State, the Executive thereof may during the Recess of the Legislature
of the Legislature of any State, the Executive thereof may during the Recess
of the sixth Year, so that one third may be third Class at the Expiration
of the Year, of the second Class at the Expiration of the fourth Year, and
of the fourth Year, and of the Year, of the second Class at the Expiration
of the second Class at the Expiration of the fourth Year, and of the Year,
of the second Senators of the first Class shall be vacated at the Expiration
of the first Class shall be vacated at the Expiration of the second Senators
of the they shall be divided as equally as may be into three Classes. The Seats
of the first Election, Immediately after they shall be assembled in Consequence
of two Senators from each The Senate of the United States shall be composed
of the United States shall be composed of two Senators from each The Senate
of Impeachment. shall have the sole Power
of Representatives shall choose their Speaker and other Officers; and The House
of Election to fill such Vacancies. Authority thereof shall issue Writs
of New Hampshire shall be entitled to choose three, made, the State
of Years, in such Manner as they shall by Law direct. The Number
of ten of the Congress of the United States, and within every subsequent Term
of the United States, and within every subsequent Term of ten of the Congress
of the Congress of the United States, and within every subsequent Term of ten
of all other Persons. taxed, three fifths
of Years, and excluding Indians not including those bound to Service for a Term
of free Persons, which shall be determined by adding to the whole Number
of that State in which he shall be shall not, when elected, be an Inhabitant
of the United States, and who twenty five Years, and been seven Years a Citizen
of No Person shall be a Representative who shall not have attained to the Age
of have the Qualifications requisite for Electors of the most numerous Branch
of the most numerous Branch of have the Qualifications requisite for Electors
of the several States, and the Electors in each State shall Year by the People
of Members chosen every second The House of Representatives shall be composed
of Representatives shall be composed of Members chosen every second The House
of Representatives. United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House
of a Senate and House of Representatives. United States, which shall consist
of the All legislative Powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress
of America. United States
of Liberty to defence, promote the general Welfare, and secure the Blessings
of the United States, in Order to form a more perfect Union, We the People
of, Treason, shall be removed from Office on Impeachment for, and Conviction
offense of War or public danger; nor shall any person be subject for the same
Offenses against the United States, except in Grant Reprieves and Pardons for
Offenses against the Law of Nations;
office that no inability exists, he shall resume the powers and duties of his
office as Acting shall immediately assume the powers and duties of the
office upon President shall nominate a Vice President who shall take
office of the Vice President, the 2. Whenever there is a vacancy in the
office or of his death or 1. In case of the removal of the President from
office of within which this Article becomes operative from holding the
office of President, or acting as President, during the term be holding the
office of President, when this Article shall not apply to any person holding the
office of the President more than once. But this shall be elected to the
office of President, or acted as President, for and no person who has held the
office of the President more than twice, 1. No person shall be elected to the
office of President shall be eligible to constitutionally ineligible to the
Office or public Trust under the United required as a Qualification to any
Office on Impeachment for, and Conviction of, Treason, shall be removed from
Office of "I do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I will faithfully execute the
Office who shall not of President; neither shall any Person be eligible to that
Office the time of the Adoption of this Constitution, shall be eligible to the
Office of Trust or Profit under the United Representative, or Person holding an
Office during the Term of four Years, and, together America. He shall hold his
Office of Profit or Trust under them, shall, without the Consent of holding any
Office under the United States, during such time; and no Person holding any
Office under the Authority of the United States which be appointed to any civil
Office of honor, Trust or Office, and disqualification to hold and enjoy any
Office of in the absence of the Vice President, or when he shall exercise the
office, the Vice President shall continue to discharge powers and duties of his
office, the Vice President unable to discharge the powers and duties of his
office, and until he is unable to discharge the powers and duties of his
office, civil or military, under the President and Vice-President, or hold any
Office, he shall take the following Before he enter on the Execution of his
Office, the same shall devolve on the Vice President, and the Congress may by
Office, or of his Death, In Case of the Removal of the President from
Office, or Title, of any kind the Congress, accept of any present, Emolument,
Office, and disqualification to hold and enjoy any Office of honor, Trust or
office. and duties of his
office. Thereupon President is unable to discharge the powers and duties of his
Office. Continuance in
Office. shall be a Member of either House during his Continuance in
officer of any State, to any State legislature, or as an executive or judicial
officer of the United States, or as a member of member of Congress, or as an
Officer in each of the executive Departments, upon any subject principal
Officer shall act accordingly, until the Disability be President, and such
Officer shall then act as the President and Vice President, declaring what
Officer thereof.
officers of unless the Vice President and a majority of either the principal
officers 4. Whenever the Vice President and a majority of either the principal
officers of a State, or Representatives in Congress, the Executive and Judicial
Officers of the United States, The President, Vice President and all civil
Officers of the United States. the
Officers of the United States, whose Appointments are not herein and all other
Officers, both of several State Legislatures, and all executive and judicial
Officers, as they think may by Law vest the Appointment of such inferior
Officers, States, reserving to the States respectively, the Appointment of the
Officers, and also a President pro tempore, The Senate shall choose their other
Officers; and The House of Representatives shall choose their Speaker and other
Offices during good Behavior, and shall, at stated Times, receive for their
Offices and Post Roads; To establish Post
Offices, and he shall have Power to relating to the Duties of their respective
older, to vote shall not be denied or abridged by the United States or by any
on account of age. State
on the 15th day of October following the 5. Sections 1 and 2 shall take effect
on the 3d day of January, unless they shall by law appoint shall begin at noon
on the 3d day of January, and the terms of Senators and Representatives at noon
on the 20th 1. The terms of the President and Vice President shall end at noon
on account of sex. abridged by the United States or by any State
on incomes, from The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes
on account of race, color, or abridged by the United States or by any State
on the list, the Senate shall choose the Vice-President; a quorum for the
on the list of those voted for as the highest numbers not exceeding three
on a presentment or indictment of a Grand Jury, except in cases arising unless
on the Application of the propose Amendments to this Constitution, or,
on Form of Government, and shall protect each of them against Invasion; and
on Claim be discharged from such Service or Labour, But shall be delivered up
on demand of the flee from Justice, and be found in another State, shall
on Confession in open Court. same overt Act, or
on the Testimony of two Witnesses to the shall be convicted of Treason unless
on Impeachment for, and Conviction of, Treason, shall be removed from Office
on extraordinary Occasions, convene both necessary and expedient; he may,
on the Execution of his Office, he shall take the following Before he enter
on the Vice President, and the Congress may by Office, the same shall devolve
on The Congress may determine the Time of choosing the Electors, and the Day
on the List the said House shall in like Majority, then from the five highest
on Imports or Exports, shall be for the Use of the Treasury of the any State
on Imports or Exports, except what may be absolutely necessary for executing
on Articles exported from any State. No Tax or Duty shall be laid
on such Importation, not exceeding ten dollars for each Person.
on Land and Water; Captures
on the high Seas, and To define and punish Piracies and Felonies committed
on the subject To establish an uniform Rule of Naturalization, and uniform Laws
on the credit of the United States; To borrow money
on a question of Adjournment) House of Representatives may be necessary (except
on the Journal of each House respectively. If against the Bill shall be entered
on their Journal, and proceed to reconsider it. If after Objections at large
on other Bills. but the Senate may propose or concur with Amendments as
on the Journal. shall, at the Desire of one fifth of those Present, be entered
on any question Secrecy; and the Yeas and Nays of the Members of either House
on the first Monday in December, unless they shall by Law appoint a be
on Oath or Affirmation. When the President of the that Purpose, they shall be
once in every year, and such meeting 2. The Congress shall assemble at least
once in every Year, and such Meeting shall The Congress shall assemble at least
once. But this shall be elected to the office of the President more than
one days after Congress is required to assemble, determines by within twenty
one days after purpose if not in session. If the Congress, within twenty
one who is to declaring who shall then act as President, or the manner in which
one year from the ratification of this article the manufacture, sale, 1. After
one vote. The electors in each State shall have the qualifications have
one vote; a quorum for this states, the representation from each state having
one of whom, at least, shall not be an inhabitant President and Vice-President,
one of the United States suit in law or equity, commenced or prosecuted against
one thousand seven hundred Seventeenth Day of September in the Year of our Lord
One Congress; Provided that no Amendment which may be made prior to the Year
one or the other Mode of Ratification may be proposed by the thereof, as the
one State, under the Laws thereof, No Person held to Service or Labour in
one supreme Court, The judicial Power of the United States, shall be vested in
one Vote; a quorum taken by States, the Representation from each State having
one of them for President; and if no Person have a immediately choose by Ballot
one who have such Majority, and Electors appointed; and if there be more than
one at least shall not lie an Inhabitant of the same State persons, of whom
one State, be obliged to enter, clear, or pay Duties in another.
one State over those of another: nor shall Vessels bound to, or from, Ports of
one thousand eight hundred and eight, but a tax or duty may be imposed the Year
one fifth of those Present, be entered on the Journal. shall, at the Desire of
one third may be third Class at the Expiration of the sixth Year, so that
one Vote. have
one Representative; and until such enumeration shall be shall have at Least
one for every thirty Thousand, but each State Representatives shall not exceed
one, Maryland five, New York six, New Jersey four, Pennsylvania eight, Delaware
one, Connecticut Massachusetts eight, Rhode Island and Providence Plantations
only in levying War against Treason against the United States, shall consist
open all the certificates and the votes shall then be counted; Representatives,
open Court. same overt Act, or on Confession in
open all the Certificates, and the of the Senate and House of Representatives,
operative from holding the office of within which this Article becomes
Opinion, in writing, of the Service of the United States; he may require the
or by any older, to vote shall not be denied or abridged by the United States
or abridged by the United States or by any older, to vote shall not be denied
or 1. The right of citizens of the United States, who are eighteen years of age
or of such other body as Congress may by law provide, the executive department
or of such other body as Congress may by law of the executive departments
or 1. In case of the removal of the President from office or of his death
or of his death or 1. In case of the removal of the President from office
or other tax. pay any poll tax
or any State by reason of failure to denied or abridged by the United States
or abridged by the United States or any State by reason of failure to denied
or Representative in Congress, shall not be Vice President, or for Senator
or for Senator or Representative in Congress, shall not be Vice President,
or election for President or Vice President, for electors for President
or Vice President, for electors for President or election for President
or other 1. The right of citizens of the United States to vote in any primary
or acting as President during the remainder of such term. President
or acting as President, during the term be holding the office of President,
or acted as President, for and no person who has held the office of President,
or use therein of intoxicating liquors, in of the United States for delivery
or possession 2. The transportation or importation into any State, Territory,
or importation into any State, Territory, or possession 2. The transportation
or Vice President shall have qualified.
or the manner in which one who is to declaring who shall then act as President,
or if the President elect shall have failed to the beginning of his term,
or by any State on account of sex. abridged by the United States
or The right of citizens of the United States to vote shall not be denied
or the exportation thereof from the United States and all territory subject to
or transportation of intoxicating liquors within, the importation thereof into,
or term of This amendment shall not be so construed as to affect the election
or enumeration. without regard to any census
or abridged by the United States or by any State on account of race, color,
or by any State on account of race, color, or abridged by the United States
or 1. The right of citizens of the United States to vote shall not be denied
or emancipation of any slave; but all such debts, obligations and the loss
or any claim for in aid of insurrection or rebellion against the United States,
or rebellion against the United States, or any claim for in aid of insurrection
or obligation incurred United States nor any State shall assume or pay any debt
or pay any debt or obligation incurred United States nor any State shall assume
or rebellion, shall not be questioned. But neither the suppressing insurrection
or comfort to the insurrection or rebellion against the same, or given aid
or given aid or comfort to the insurrection or rebellion against the same,
or rebellion against the same, or given aid or comfort to the insurrection
or judicial officer of any State, to any State legislature, or as an executive
or as an executive or judicial officer of any State, to any State legislature,
or as a member of member of Congress, or as an officer of the United States,
or as an officer of the United States, or as a member of member of Congress,
or under any State, who, having previously taken an oath, as a United States,
or military, under the President and Vice-President, or hold any office, civil
or hold any office, civil or military, under the President and Vice-President,
or elector of 3. No person shall be a Senator or Representative in Congress,
or Representative in Congress, or elector of 3. No person shall be a Senator
or other crime, the basis of representation therein shall be reduced in the
or in any way abridged, except for participation in rebellion, United States,
or Representatives in Congress, the Executive and Judicial officers of a State,
or property, without due process of State deprive any person of life, liberty,
or immunities of citizens of the United States; nor shall any the privileges
or enforce any law which shall abridge wherein they reside. No State shall make
or naturalized in the United States, and subject to the 1. All persons born
or any place subject to their jurisdiction. States,
or other the Vice-President shall act as President, as in the case of the death
or members from two-thirds of the states, and purpose shall consist of a member
or Subjects of any Foreign State. by Citizens of another State, or by Citizens
or by Citizens or Subjects of any Foreign State. by Citizens of another State,
or prosecuted against one of the United States suit in law or equity, commenced
or equity, commenced or prosecuted against one of the United States suit in law
or to prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States respectively,
or disparage others retained by the people. to deny
or property, without due process of law; nor shall private property be liberty,
or limb; nor shall be compelled in any to be twice put in jeopardy of life
or public danger; nor shall any person be subject for the same offense of War
or in the Militia, when in actual service in time in the land or naval forces,
or naval forces, or in the Militia, when in actual service in time in the land
or indictment of a Grand Jury, except in cases arising unless on a presentment
or otherwise infamous crime, No person shall be held to answer for a capital,
or things to be seized. persons
or no Warrants shall issue, but upon probable cause, supported by Oath
or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition of the press;
or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech,
or abridging the freedom of speech, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof;
or Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion,
or public Trust under the United required as a Qualification to any Office
or the United States and of the several States, shall be bound by Oath
or Judges in every State shall be bound thereby, any Thing in the Constitution
or which shall be made, under the Pursuance thereof; and all Treaties made,
or the other Mode of Ratification may be proposed by the thereof, as the one
or by Conventions in three fourths three fourths of the several States,
or of the Executive (when the Legislature Application of the Legislature,
or of any particular State. any Claims of the United States,
or other Property belonging to the United Regulations respecting the Territory
or parts of States, State be formed by the Junction of two or more States,
or more States, or parts of States, State be formed by the Junction of two
or erected within the Jurisdiction of any other State; nor any shall be formed
or Labour may be due. of the Party to whom such Service
or Labour, But shall be delivered up on Claim be discharged from such Service
or Regulation therein, escaping into another, shall, in Consequence of any Law
or Labour in one State, under the Laws thereof, No Person held to Service
or other Crime, who shall A Person charged in any State with Treason, Felony,
or Forfeiture except Attainder of Treason shall work Corruption of Blood,
or on Confession in open Court. same overt Act,
or in adhering to their Enemies, giving them Aid and Comfort. No Person them,
or Places as the Congress may by Law have directed. Place
or Subjects. State, or the Citizens thereof, and foreign States, Citizens
or the Citizens thereof, and foreign States, Citizens or Subjects. State,
or more States; between a State and Citizens of Controversies between two
or which this Constitution, the Laws of the United States, and Treaties made,
or other high Crimes and Misdemeanors. Bribery,
or either of them, and in Case of Disagreement between them, with Houses,
or in the Heads of proper, in the President alone, in the Courts of Law,
or Affirmation: Oath
or any of them. Emolument from the United States,
or a President shall be elected. removed,
or Inability, both of Law provide for the Case of Removal, Death, Resignation
or Inability to discharge the Powers and Duties of the said Resignation,
or of his Death, In Case of the Removal of the President from Office,
or a Citizen of the United States, at No person except a natural born Citizen,
or more who have equal Votes, the Senate shall choose from should remain two
or Members from two-thirds of the for this Purpose shall consist of a Member
or Profit under the United Representative, or Person holding an Office of Trust
or Person holding an Office of Trust or Profit under the United Representative,
or to which the State may be entitled in the Congress: but no Senator
or in such imminent Danger as will not admit of delay. invaded,
or engage in War, unless actually with another State, or with a foreign Power,
or with a foreign Power, or engage in War, unless actually with another State,
or Compact Troops, or Ships of War in time of Peace, enter into any Agreement
or Ships of War in time of Peace, enter into any Agreement or Compact Troops,
or Exports, shall be for the Use of the Treasury of the any State on Imports
or Exports, except what may be absolutely necessary for executing on Imports
or Duties No State shall, without the Consent of the Congress, lay any Imposts
or grant any ex post facto Law, or Law impairing the Obligation of Contracts,
or Law impairing the Obligation of Contracts, or grant any ex post facto Law,
or Confederation; grant Letters No State shall enter into any Treaty, Alliance,
or foreign State. whatever, from any King, Prince
or Title, of any kind the Congress, accept of any present, Emolument, Office,
or Trust under them, shall, without the Consent of holding any Office of Profit
or pay Duties in another. one State, be obliged to enter, clear,
or from, Ports of one State over those of another: nor shall Vessels bound to,
or Revenue to the No Preference shall be given by any Regulation of Commerce
or Duty shall be laid on Articles exported from any State. No Tax
or Enumeration herein before directed to be taken. Census
or other direct, Tax shall be laid, unless in Proportion to the No capitation,
or ex post facto Law shall be passed. No Bill of Attainder
or Invasion the public Safety may require it. in Cases of Rebellion
or duty may be imposed the Year one thousand eight hundred and eight, but a tax
or Importation of such Persons as any of the States now existing The Migration
or Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department
or in any Department or Constitution in the Government of the United States,
or being disapproved by him, shall shall take Effect, shall be approved by him,
or Vote to which the Concurrence of the Senate and Every Order, Resolution,
or concur with Amendments as on other Bills. but the Senate may propose
or the Emoluments whereof shall have been increased shall have been created,
or Representative shall, during the Time for which he was elected, No Senator
or Debate in either House, they shall not be questioned in any other any Speech
or alter such Regulations, except but the Congress may at any time by Law make
or Office, and disqualification to hold and enjoy any Office of honor, Trust
or Affirmation. When the President of the that Purpose, they shall be on Oath
or when he shall exercise the Office of in the absence of the Vice President,
or otherwise, chosen every second Year; and if Vacancies happen by Resignation,
or, if Congress is not in session, receipt of the latter written declaration,
or, on the Application of the propose Amendments to this Constitution,
ordain and and in such inferior Courts as the Congress may from time to time
ordain and establish this Constitution for the ourselves and our Posterity, do
Order to form a more perfect Union, We the People of the United States, in
Order, Resolution, or Vote to which the Concurrence of the Senate and Every
organizing, arming, and disciplining, the Militia, and for To provide for
original those in which a State shall be Party, the supreme Court shall have
originate in the House of Representatives; All bills for raising Revenue shall
originated, who shall enter the Objections to that House in which it shall have
other body as Congress may by law provide, the executive department or of such
other body as Congress may by law of the executive departments or of such
other tax. pay any poll tax or
other 1. The right of citizens of the United States to vote in any primary or
other person was elected President more than two years of a term to which some
other crime, the basis of representation therein shall be reduced in the or
other the Vice-President shall act as President, as in the case of the death or
other Mode of Ratification may be proposed by the thereof, as the one or the
other Property belonging to the United Regulations respecting the Territory or
other State; nor any shall be formed or erected within the Jurisdiction of any
other Crime, who shall A Person charged in any State with Treason, Felony, or
other State. And the Congress may by general and judicial Proceedings of every
other Cases before mentioned, the supreme Court shall Jurisdiction. In all the
other public Ministers and Consuls, and In all Cases affecting Ambassadors,
other shall be made, under their Authority; to all Cases affecting Ambassadors,
other high Crimes and Misdemeanors. Bribery, or
other public Ministers; he shall think proper; he shall receive Ambassadors and
other Officers of the United States, whose Appointments are not herein and all
other public Ministers and Consuls, Judges of the supreme Court, Ambassadors,
other shall have been elected, and he shall not receive within that Period any
other direct, Tax shall be laid, unless in Proportion to the No capitation, or
other Powers vested by this Execution the foregoing Powers, and all
other needful Buildings; And Forts, Magazines, Arsenals, dock-Yards, and
other House, by which it shall be sent, together with the Objections, to the
other Bills. but the Senate may propose or concur with Amendments as on
other any Speech or Debate in either House, they shall not be questioned in any
other Place than that the other, adjourn for more than three days, nor to any
other Officers, and also a President pro tempore, The Senate shall choose their
other Officers; and The House of Representatives shall choose their Speaker and
other Persons. taxed, three fifths of all
other, adjourn for more than three days, nor to any other Place than that the
others retained by the people. to deny or disparage
otherwise re-examined in any Court of the United States, than jury, shall be
otherwise infamous crime, No person shall be held to answer for a capital, or
otherwise provided for, and which shall be established by Law: but the Congress
otherwise, the President shall resume the powers the same as Acting President;
otherwise, chosen every second Year; and if Vacancies happen by Resignation, or
our Names. Twelfth. In Witness whereof We have hereunto subscribed
our Lord one thousand seven hundred Seventeenth Day of September in the Year of
our Posterity, do ordain and establish this Constitution for the ourselves and
ourselves and our Posterity, do ordain and establish this Constitution for the
out of the Treasury of the United Services, to be ascertained by Law, and paid
over those of another: nor shall Vessels bound to, or from, Ports of one State
over all Places purchased by the Consent States, and to exercise like Authority
over such District To exercise exclusive Legislation in all Cases whatsoever,
overt Act, or on Confession in open Court. same
own Members, and a Majority of each shall constitute a Quorum to do its
Owner, nor in time of war, but in a manner to be prescribed by consent of the
paid out of the Treasury of the United Services, to be ascertained by Law, and
papers, and The right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses,
Pardons for Offenses against the United States, except in Grant Reprieves and
part of the Constitution. any Senator chosen before it becomes valid as
part of this Constitution, when ratified by the Legislatures of Purposes, as
Part of them as may be employed in the Service of the United governing such
participation in rebellion, United States, or in any way abridged, except for
particular State. any Claims of the United States, or of any
particular States, and (not exceeding ten Miles square) as may, by Cession of
particularly describing the place to be searched, and the affirmation, and
parts of States, State be formed by the Junction of two or more States, or
Parts as may in their Judgment require publish the same, excepting such
party shall have been duly convicted, shall exist within the United whereof the
Party to whom such Service or Labour may be due. of the
Party convicted shall nevertheless be Profit under the United States: but the
Party, the supreme Court shall have original those in which a State shall be
Party; to Jurisdiction; to Controversies to which the United States shall be a
pass any Bill of Attainder, gold and silver Coin a Tender in Payment of Debts;
pass the Bill, it such Reconsideration two thirds of that House shall agree to
passed the House of Representatives and the Senate, Every Bill which shall have
passed. No Bill of Attainder or ex post facto Law shall be
Paterson, Jonathan New Jersey - William Livingston, David Brearley, William
pay any poll tax or other tax.
pay any debt or obligation incurred United States nor any State shall assume or
pay Duties in another. one State, be obliged to enter, clear, or
pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Excises, to
payment of pensions and bounties for services in including debts incurred for
Payment of Debts; pass any Bill of Attainder, gold and silver Coin a Tender in
peace be quartered in any house, without the No Soldier shall, in time of
Peace, enter into any Agreement or Compact Troops, or Ships of War in time of
Peace, be privileged from Arrest during their Attendance at the Session of
peaceably to assemble, and to petition of the press; or the right of the people
Penalties as each House may provide. under such
Pennsylvania - Benjamin Franklin, Thomas Mifflin, Robert Morris, George Clymer,
Pennsylvania eight, Delaware one, Maryland five, New York six, New Jersey four,
pensions and bounties for services in including debts incurred for payment of
people fill the executive thereof to make temporary appointments until the
people thereof, for six years; and each Senator shall State, elected by the
people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and The right of the
people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed. right of the
people peaceably to assemble, and to petition of the press; or the right of the
People of the several States, and the Electors in each State shall Year by the
People of the United States, in Order to form a more perfect Union, We the
people. the
people. to deny or disparage others retained by the
perfect Union, We the People of the United States, in Order to form a more
perform such appointed by a State; and they shall meet in the District and
Period any other shall have been elected, and he shall not receive within that
Period for which he which shall neither be increased nor diminished during the
person who may Article was proposed by the Congress, and shall not prevent any
person holding the office of President, when this Article shall not apply to any
person was elected President more than two years of a term to which some other
person who has held the office of President, or acted as President, for and no
person shall be elected to the office of the President more than twice, 1. No
person shall act accordingly until a President act shall be selected, and such
person shall be a Senator or Representative in Congress, or elector of 3. No
person within its jurisdiction the equal protection of the law; nor deny to any
person of life, liberty, or property, without due process of State deprive any
person majority of the whole number shall be necessary to a choice. But no
person have a majority, then from the two highest numbers appointed, and if no
person having the greatest number of votes as Vice-President, shall be the The
person have such majority, then from the persons having appointed; and if no
person having the greatest Number of votes for President, shall be the The
person voted for as voted for as President, and in distinct ballots the
person of the same state with themselves; they shall name in their ballots the
person be subject for the same offense of War or public danger; nor shall any
person shall be held to answer for a capital, or otherwise infamous crime, No
Person held to Service or Labour in one State, under the Laws thereof, No
Person charged in any State with Treason, Felony, or other Crime, who shall A
Person attainted. during the Life of the
Person them, or in adhering to their Enemies, giving them Aid and Comfort. No
Person be eligible to that Office who shall not of President; neither shall any
person except a natural born Citizen, or a Citizen of the United States, at No
Person having the greatest every Case, after the Choice of the President, the
Person have a immediately choose by Ballot one of them for President; and if no
Person having the greatest Number of Votes Votes shall then be counted. The
Person holding an Office of Trust or Profit under the United Representative, or
Person No Title of Nobility shall be granted by the United States: And no
Person holding any Office under the United States, during such time; and no
Person shall be United States is tried, the Chief Justice shall preside: And no
person shall be a Senator who shall not have attained to the Age of thirty No
Person shall be a Representative who shall not have attained to the Age of No
Person. on such Importation, not exceeding ten dollars for each
persons from whom the Senate may choose a Vice President death of any of the
persons from whom the House of Representatives may choose a President whenever
persons in each State, their respective numbers, counting the whole number of
persons born or naturalized in the United States, and subject to the 1. All
persons having appointed; and if no person have such majority, then from the
persons voted for as Vice-President and of the number of President, and of all
persons voted for as Vice-President, and they shall make distinct lists of all
persons or things to be seized.
Persons voted for, and with themselves. And they shall make a List of all the
Persons as any of the States now existing The Migration or Importation of such
Persons voting for and determined by Yeas and Nays, and the Names of the
persons, houses, papers, and The right of the people to be secure in their
persons, of whom one at least shall not lie an Inhabitant of the same State
Persons, which shall be determined by adding to the whole Number of free
Persons. taxed, three fifths of all other
petition of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to
Pierce Butler
Pinckney, South Carolina - John Rutledge, Charles Cotesworth Pinckney, Charles
Pinckney, Charles Pinckney, South Carolina - John Rutledge, Charles Cotesworth
Piracies and Felonies committed on the high Seas, and To define and punish
place subject to their jurisdiction. States, or any
place to be searched, and the affirmation, and particularly describing the
Place or Places as the Congress may by Law have directed.
Place than that the other, adjourn for more than three days, nor to any other
Place of Choosing Senators. as to the
Place.
Places as the Congress may by Law have directed. Place or
Places purchased by the Consent States, and to exercise like Authority over all
Places and Manner of holding Elections for Senators and The Times,
Plantations one, Connecticut Massachusetts eight, Rhode Island and Providence
poll tax or other tax. pay any
populous State; they shall be in a State, but in no event more than the least
Ports of one State over those of another: nor shall Vessels bound to, or from,
possession 2. The transportation or importation into any State, Territory, or
post facto Law, or Law impairing the Obligation of Contracts, or grant any ex
post facto Law shall be passed. No Bill of Attainder or ex
Post Roads; To establish Post Offices and
Post Offices and Post Roads; To establish
Posterity, do ordain and establish this Constitution for the ourselves and our
power to enforce this article by appropriate 2. The Congress shall have
power to enforce this article by appropriate 2. The Congress shall have
power to enforce this article by appropriate 2. The Congress shall have
power to enforce this article by appropriate legislation. Congress shall have
power to enforce 2. The Congress and the several States shall have concurrent
power to lay and collect taxes on incomes, from The Congress shall have
power to enforce this article by appropriate 2. The Congress shall have
power to enforce, by appropriate legislation, the 5. The Congress shall have
power to enforce this article by appropriate 2. Congress shall have
power of the United States shall not be construed to extend to any The Judicial
Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and The Congress shall have
power to declare the Punishment of Treason, but no The Congress shall have
Power shall extend to all Cases, in Law and Equity, arising under The judicial
Power of the United States, shall be vested in one supreme Court, The judicial
Power to fill up all Vacancies that may happen during The President shall have
Power to relating to the Duties of their respective Offices, and he shall have
Power shall be vested in a President of the United States of The executive
Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and The Congress shall have
Power to try all Impeachments. When sitting for The Senate shall have the sole
Power of Impeachment. shall have the sole
Power, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Senate, to make He shall have
Power, or engage in War, unless actually with another State, or with a foreign
powers the same as Acting President; otherwise, the President shall resume the
powers and duties of his office, the Vice President shall continue to discharge
powers and duties of his office. Thereupon President is unable to discharge the
powers and duties of his office that no inability exists, he shall resume the
powers and duties of the office as Acting shall immediately assume the
powers and duties of his office, the Vice President unable to discharge the
powers and duties transmits to them a written declaration to the contrary, such
powers and duties of his office, and until he is unable to discharge the
powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution, nor The
Powers and Duties of the said Resignation, or Inability to discharge the
Powers vested by this Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other
Powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the All legislative
Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Execution the foregoing
Preference shall be given by any Regulation of Commerce or Revenue to the No
Prejudice States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so construed as to
prescribe the Manner in which such Acts, Records and Proceedings shall be Laws
prescribed by consent of the Owner, nor in time of war, but in a manner to be
prescribed by Congress;
prescribed in the Case of a Bill. to the Rules and Limitations
prescribed in each State by the Legislature thereof; Representatives, shall be
presence of the Senate and House of The President of the Senate shall, in the
Presence the President of the Senate. The President of the Senate shall, in the
present the Done in Convention by the Unanimous Consent of the States
present concur; and he shall Treaties, provided two thirds of the Senators
present, Emolument, Office, or Title, of any kind the Congress, accept of any
Present, be entered on the Journal. shall, at the Desire of one fifth of those
present. convicted without the Concurrence of two thirds of the Members
presented to the President of the United States; and before the Same shall be
presented to him, the Same shall be a Law, excepted) after it shall have been
presented to the President of the United shall, before it become a Law, be
presentment or indictment of a Grand Jury, except in cases arising unless on a
preserve, President of the United States, and will to the best of my Ability,
preserved, and no fact tried by a dollars, the right of trial by jury shall be
preside: And no Person shall be United States is tried, the Chief Justice shall
President shall resume the powers the same as Acting President; otherwise, the
President shall continue to discharge powers and duties of his office, the Vice
President is unable to discharge the two thirds vote of both Houses that the
President is unable to discharge the powers and duties of his office. Thereupon
President pro tempore of the Senate and the transmit within four days to the
President and a majority of either the principal officers of unless the Vice
President pro tempore of the Thereafter, when the President transmits to the
President transmits to the President pro tempore of the Thereafter, when the
President unable to discharge the powers and duties of his office, the Vice
President is the House of Representatives their written declaration that the
President pro tempore of the Senate and the Speaker of provide, transmit to the
President and a majority of either the principal officers 4. Whenever the Vice
President as Acting President. shall be discharged by the Vice
President pro tempore of the Senate 3. Whenever the President transmits to the
President transmits to the President pro tempore of the Senate 3. Whenever the
President who shall take office upon President shall nominate a Vice
President shall nominate a Vice President who shall take office upon
President shall become President. resignation, the Vice
President from office or of his death or 1. In case of the removal of the
President or election for President or Vice President, for electors for
President or Vice President, for electors for President or election for
President and Vice President, to be electors the purposes of the election of
President equal to the whole number of Senators and President and Vice
President and Vice President equal to the whole number of Senators and
President during the remainder of such term. President or acting as
President or acting as President during the remainder of such term.
President more than once. But this shall be elected to the office of the
President more than two years of a term to which some other person was elected
President more than twice, 1. No person shall be elected to the office of the
President death of any of the persons from whom the Senate may choose a Vice
President whenever persons from whom the House of Representatives may choose a
President shall have qualified. or Vice
President act shall be selected, and such person shall act accordingly until a
President elect shall have qualified, neither a President elect nor a Vice
President elect nor a Vice President elect shall have qualified, neither a
President qualify, then the Vice President elect shall act as President until a
President until a President qualify, then the Vice President elect shall act as
President elect shall act as President until a President qualify, then the Vice
President elect shall have failed to the beginning of his term, or if the
President shall not have been chosen before the time fixed for President. If a
President elect shall become President elect shall have died, the Vice
President elect shall have died, the Vice President elect shall become
President shall end at noon on the 20th 1. The terms of the President and Vice
President and Vice President shall end at noon on the 20th 1. The terms of the
President and Vice-President, or hold any office, civil or military, under the
President and Vice-President of the United States, choice of electors for
President shall be eligible to constitutionally ineligible to the office of
President whenever the right of choice of Representatives shall not choose a
President of the Senate shall, in the presence of the Senate and House of The
President of the seat of the government of the United States, directed to the
President and Vice-President, one of whom, at least, shall not be an inhabitant
President and deputy from Virginia George Washington -
President and all civil Officers of the United States, The President, Vice
President shall have Power to fill up all Vacancies that may happen during The
President alone, in the Courts of Law, or in the Heads of proper, in the
President shall be Commander in Chief of the Army and Navy of the United The
President of the United States, and will to the best of my Ability, preserve,
President shall, at stated Times, receive for his Services, a Compensation, The
President shall be elected. removed, or a
President and Vice President, declaring what Officer shall then act as the
President from Office, or of his Death, In Case of the Removal of the
President of the Senate shall, in the Presence the President of the Senate. The
President of the Senate. The President of the Senate shall, in the Presence the
President of the United States of The executive Power shall be vested in a
President of the United States; and before the Same shall be presented to the
President within ten Days (Sundays any Bill shall not be returned by the
President of the United shall, before it become a Law, be presented to the
President of the that Purpose, they shall be on Oath or Affirmation. When the
President of the United States.
President pro tempore, The Senate shall choose their other Officers, and also a
President of the Senate, but The Vice President of the United States shall be
President of the United States shall be President of the Senate, but The Vice
President, the 2. Whenever there is a vacancy in the office of the Vice
President, or for Senator or Representative in Congress, shall not be Vice
President, for electors for President or election for President or Vice
President, to be electors the purposes of the election of President and Vice
President, during the term be holding the office of President, or acting as
President, or acting as President, during the term be holding the office of
President, when this Article shall not apply to any person holding the office of
President, for and no person who has held the office of President, or acted as
President, or acted as President, for and no person who has held the office of
President, or the manner in which one who is to declaring who shall then act as
President, the 3. If, at the time fixed for the beginning of the term of the
President, as in the case of the death or other the Vice-President shall act as
President, the votes shall be taken by the President. But in choosing the
President, the House of Representatives shall choose immediately, by ballot,
President, if such number be a majority of the whole number of Electors
President, shall be the The person having the greatest Number of votes for
President, and of all persons voted for as Vice-President and of the number of
President, and in distinct ballots the person voted for as voted for as
President, Vice President and all civil Officers of the United States, The
President, and such Officer shall act accordingly, until the Disability be
President, declaring what Officer shall then act as the President and Vice
President, and the Congress may by Office, the same shall devolve on the Vice
President, the Person having the greatest every Case, after the Choice of the
President, the Votes shall be Manner choose the President. But in choosing the
President, if such Number be a Majority of the whole Number of shall be the
President, or when he shall exercise the Office of in the absence of the Vice
President.
President. shall be discharged by the Vice President as Acting
President. resignation, the Vice President shall become
President. If a President shall not have been chosen before the time fixed for
President. constitutional disability of the
President. But in choosing the President, the votes shall be taken by the
President. But if there Number of Votes of the Electors shall be the Vice
President. But in choosing the President, the Votes shall be Manner choose the
President; otherwise, the President shall resume the powers the same as Acting
President; neither shall any Person be eligible to that Office who shall not of
President; and if no Person have a immediately choose by Ballot one of them for
press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition of the
prevent any person who may Article was proposed by the Congress, and shall not
prevent its Return, in which Case it shall not be a Law.
previous condition of servitude.
previously taken an oath, as a United States, or under any State, who, having
previously shall have been committed, which district shall have been
primary or other 1. The right of citizens of the United States to vote in any
Prince or foreign State. whatever, from any King,
principal officers of unless the Vice President and a majority of either the
principal officers 4. Whenever the Vice President and a majority of either the
principal Officer in each of the executive Departments, upon any subject
prior to the Year One Congress; Provided that no Amendment which may be made
prior to shall think proper to admit, shall not be prohibited by the Congress
private property be liberty, or property, without due process of law; nor shall
privilege of the Writ of Habeas Corpus shall not be suspended, unless when The
privileged from Arrest during their Attendance at the Session of Peace, be
privileges or immunities of citizens of the United States; nor shall any the
Privileges and Immunities The Citizens of each State shall be entitled to all
pro tempore of the Senate and the transmit within four days to the President
pro tempore of the Thereafter, when the President transmits to the President
pro tempore of the Senate and the Speaker of provide, transmit to the President
pro tempore of the Senate 3. Whenever the President transmits to the President
pro tempore, The Senate shall choose their other Officers, and also a President
probable cause, supported by Oath or no Warrants shall issue, but upon
proceed to reconsider it. If after Objections at large on their Journal, and
Proceedings shall be Laws prescribe the Manner in which such Acts, Records and
Proceedings of every other State. And the Congress may by general and judicial
Proceedings, and from time to time Each House shall keep a Journal of its
Proceedings, punish its Members for Each House may determine the Rules of its
process of State deprive any person of life, liberty, or property, without due
process for obtaining witnesses in his favor, and to have the Assistance of
process of law; nor shall private property be liberty, or property, without due
Produce of all Duties and Imposts, laid by its inspection Laws: and the net
Profit under the United Representative, or Person holding an Office of Trust or
Profit or Trust under them, shall, without the Consent of holding any Office of
Profit under the United States: but the Party convicted shall nevertheless be
Progress of Science and useful Arts, by securing for limited To promote the
prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States respectively, or to
prohibited by the Congress prior to shall think proper to admit, shall not be
prohibited. violation of the laws thereof, is hereby
prohibited. the jurisdiction thereof for beverage purposes is hereby
prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or
promote the Progress of Science and useful Arts, by securing for limited To
promote the general Welfare, and secure the Blessings of Liberty to defence,
proper to admit, shall not be prohibited by the Congress prior to shall think
proper for carrying into To make all Laws which shall be necessary and
proper, in the President alone, in the Courts of Law, or in the Heads of
proper; he shall receive Ambassadors and other public Ministers; he shall think
property be liberty, or property, without due process of law; nor shall private
Property belonging to the United Regulations respecting the Territory or other
property, without due process of State deprive any person of life, liberty, or
property, without due process of law; nor shall private property be liberty, or
proportion which the number of such male citizens shall bear to the whole
Proportion to the No capitation, or other direct, Tax shall be laid, unless in
propose Amendments to this Constitution, or, on the Application of the
propose or concur with Amendments as on other Bills. but the Senate may
proposed by the Congress, and shall not prevent any person who may Article was
proposed by the thereof, as the one or the other Mode of Ratification may be
proposing Amendments, which, in either Case, shall be valid to all Intents and
prosecuted against one of the United States suit in law or equity, commenced or
prosecutions, the accused shall enjoy the right to a speedy and In all criminal
protect each of them against Invasion; and on Form of Government, and shall
protect and defend the Constitution of the United States."
protection of the law; nor deny to any person within its jurisdiction the equal
proved, and the Effect thereof.
provide for the case of the death of any of the 4. The Congress may by law
provide for the case wherein shall have qualified; and the Congress may by law
provide for the Case of Removal, Death, Resignation or Inability, both of Law
provide for organizing, arming, and disciplining, the Militia, and for To
provide for calling forth the Militia to execute the Laws of the Union, To
provide and maintain a Navy; To
provide for the Punishment of counterfeiting the Securities and current Coin To
provide for the common Defence and general Excises, to pay the Debts and
provide for the common establish Justice, insure domestic Tranquility,
provide, the executive department or of such other body as Congress may by law
provide, transmit to the President pro tempore of the Senate and the Speaker of
provide. under such Penalties as each House may
provided by the twelfth article of amendment. duties as
provided amendment to the Constitution by conventions in the several States, as
provided in the Constitution, within seven years from the date of the
Provided that no Amendment which may be made prior to the Year One Congress;
provided for, and which shall be established by Law: but the Congress otherwise
provided two thirds of the Senators present concur; and he shall Treaties,
Provided, That the legislature of any State may empower the vacancies:
Providence Plantations one, Connecticut Massachusetts eight, Rhode Island and
provisions of this article.
public debt of the United States, authorized by law, 4. The validity of the
public trial, by an impartial jury of the State and district wherein the crime
public use, without just compensation. taken for
public danger; nor shall any person be subject for the same offense of War or
public Trust under the United required as a Qualification to any Office or
public Acts, Records, Full Faith and Credit shall be given in each State to the
public Ministers and Consuls, and In all Cases affecting Ambassadors, other
public Ministers and Consuls; to all Cases of admiralty and maritime
public Ministers; he shall think proper; he shall receive Ambassadors and other
public Ministers and Consuls, Judges of the supreme Court, Ambassadors, other
public Money shall be published from time to time. Expenditures of all
public Safety may require it. in Cases of Rebellion or Invasion the
publish the same, excepting such Parts as may in their Judgment require
published from time to time. Expenditures of all public Money shall be
punish Piracies and Felonies committed on the high Seas, and To define and
punish its Members for Each House may determine the Rules of its Proceedings,
punishment for crime 1. Neither slavery nor involuntary servitude, except as a
Punishment of Treason, but no The Congress shall have power to declare the
Punishment of counterfeiting the Securities and current Coin To provide for the
Punishment, according to liable and subject to Indictment, Trial, Judgment and
punishments inflicted. and unusual
purchased by the Consent States, and to exercise like Authority over all Places
purpose if not in session. If the Congress, within twenty one days after
purpose shall consist of two-thirds of the whole number of Senators, and a
purpose shall consist of a member or members from two-thirds of the states, and
Purpose shall consist of a Member or Members from two-thirds of the for this
Purpose, they shall be on Oath or Affirmation. When the President of the that
purposes of the election of President and Vice President, to be electors the
purposes is hereby prohibited. the jurisdiction thereof for beverage
Purposes, as part of this Constitution, when ratified by the Legislatures of
Pursuance thereof; and all Treaties made, or which shall be made, under the
put in jeopardy of life or limb; nor shall be compelled in any to be twice
Qualification to any Office or public Trust under the United required as a
qualifications have one vote. The electors in each State shall have the
Qualifications of Each House shall be the Judge of the Elections, Returns and
Qualifications requisite for Electors of the most numerous Branch of have the
qualified, neither a President elect nor a Vice President elect shall have
qualified. or Vice President shall have
qualified; and the Congress may by law provide for the case wherein shall have
qualify, then the Vice President elect shall act as President until a President
quartered in any house, without the No Soldier shall, in time of peace be
question of Adjournment) House of Representatives may be necessary (except on a
question Secrecy; and the Yeas and Nays of the Members of either House on any
questioned in any other any Speech or Debate in either House, they shall not be
questioned. But neither the suppressing insurrection or rebellion, shall not be
quorum for the on the list, the Senate shall choose the Vice-President; a
quorum for this states, the representation from each state having one vote; a
quorum taken by States, the Representation from each State having one Vote; a
Quorum to do its own Members, and a Majority of each shall constitute a
race, color, or abridged by the United States or by any State on account of
raise and support Armies, but no Appropriation of Money to that Use shall be To
raising Revenue shall originate in the House of Representatives; All bills for
ratification of this article.
ratification of this article the manufacture, sale, 1. After one year from the
Ratification of the Conventions of nine States, shall be sufficient for the The
Ratification may be proposed by the thereof, as the one or the other Mode of
ratified as an 2. This article shall be inoperative unless it shall have been
ratified as an 3. The article shall be inoperative unless it shall have been
ratified as an 6. This article shall be inoperative unless it shall have been
ratified as an 3. This article shall be inoperative unless it shall have been
ratified by the Legislatures of Purposes, as part of this Constitution, when
ratified; and the terms of their successors shall then article had not been
ratifying the Same. Establishment of this Constitution between the States so
re-examined in any Court of the United States, than jury, shall be otherwise
Read, Gunning Bedford Jr., John Dickinson, Richard Bassett, Delaware - George
reason of failure to denied or abridged by the United States or any State by
rebellion against the United States, or any claim for in aid of insurrection or
rebellion against the same, or given aid or comfort to the insurrection or
Rebellion or Invasion the public Safety may require it. in Cases of
rebellion, shall not be questioned. But neither the suppressing insurrection or
rebellion, United States, or in any way abridged, except for participation in
receipt of the latter written declaration, or, if Congress is not in session,
Receipts and made by Law; and a regular Statement and Account of the
receive for their Offices during good Behavior, and shall, at stated Times,
receive Ambassadors and other public Ministers; he shall think proper; he shall
receive within that Period any other shall have been elected, and he shall not
receive for his Services, a Compensation, The President shall, at stated Times,
receive a Compensation for their The Senators and Representatives shall
Recess of the Senate, by granting Commissions which shall expire at the End the
Recess of the Legislature of any State, the Executive thereof may during the
recommend to their Consideration such Measures as he shall judge Union, and
reconsider it. If after Objections at large on their Journal, and proceed to
Reconsideration two thirds of that House shall agree to pass the Bill, it such
reconsidered, and if approved by two thirds of that House, it shall likewise be
Records and Proceedings shall be Laws prescribe the Manner in which such Acts,
Records, Full Faith and Credit shall be given in each State to the public Acts,
redress of grievances. the Government for a
reduced in the or other crime, the basis of representation therein shall be
regard to any census or enumeration. without
regular Statement and Account of the Receipts and made by Law; and a
regulate the Value thereof, and of foreign Coin, and fix the To coin Money,
regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and To
regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the A well
Regulation therein, escaping into another, shall, in Consequence of any Law or
Regulation of Commerce or Revenue to the No Preference shall be given by any
Regulation of the land and naval Forces; To make Rules for the Government and
Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to the United
Regulations as the Congress shall make. under such
Regulations, except but the Congress may at any time by Law make or alter such
relating to the Duties of their respective Offices, and he shall have Power to
religion, or Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of
religious Test shall ever be Affirmation, to support this Constitution; but no
remain two or more who have equal Votes, the Senate shall choose from should
remainder of such term. President or acting as President during the
removal of the President from office or of his death or 1. In case of the
Removal of the President from Office, or of his Death, In Case of the
removal from Judgment in Cases of Impeachment shall not extend further than to
Removal, Death, Resignation or Inability, both of Law provide for the Case of
remove enemies thereof. But Congress may by a vote of two-thirds of each House,
removed to the State having Jurisdiction of the Crime.
removed from Office on Impeachment for, and Conviction of, Treason, shall be
removed, or a President shall be elected.
repassed by two thirds of the Senate and House of Representatives, according be
repealed. is hereby
repel Invasions; suppress Insurrections and
representation of any State in the Senate, the When vacancies happen in the
representation therein shall be reduced in the or other crime, the basis of
representation from each state having one vote; a quorum for this states, the
Representation from each State having one Vote; a quorum taken by States, the
Representation from any State, the Executive When vacancies happen in the
Representative in Congress, shall not be Vice President, or for Senator or
Representative in Congress, or elector of 3. No person shall be a Senator or
Representative shall, during the Time for which he was elected, No Senator or
Representative who shall not have attained to the Age of No Person shall be a
Representative, or Person holding an Office of Trust or Profit under the United
Representative; and until such enumeration shall be shall have at Least one
Representatives shall Representatives, shall take effect, until an election of
Representatives their written declaration that the Speaker of the House of
Representatives his written declaration Senate and the Speaker of the House of
Representatives their written declaration that the President is the House of
Representatives his written declaration that he and the Speaker of the House of
Representatives in Congress to which the District would be entitled if it were
Representatives may choose a President whenever persons from whom the House of
Representatives at noon on the 3d day of January, and the terms of Senators and
Representatives in Congress, the Executive and Judicial officers of a State, or
Representatives shall be apportioned among the several States according to 2.
Representatives shall not choose a President whenever the right of choice of
Representatives shall choose immediately, by ballot, President, the House of
Representatives before mentioned, and the Members of the The Senators and
Representatives shall have an equal Number of Votes, then the House of
Representatives a Number of Electors, equal to the whole Number of Senators and
Representatives may be necessary (except on a question of Adjournment) House of
Representatives and the Senate, Every Bill which shall have passed the House of
Representatives shall receive a Compensation for their The Senators and
Representatives shall choose their Speaker and other Officers; and The House of
Representatives shall not exceed one for every thirty Thousand, but each State
Representatives and direct Taxes shall be apportioned among the several States
Representatives shall be composed of Members chosen every second The House of
Representatives, shall take effect, until an election of Representatives shall
Representatives, open all the certificates and the votes shall then be counted;
Representatives, open all the Certificates, and the of the Senate and House of
Representatives, according be repassed by two thirds of the Senate and House of
Representatives, shall be prescribed in each State by the Legislature thereof;
Representatives. United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of
Representatives; All bills for raising Revenue shall originate in the House of
Reprieves and Pardons for Offenses against the United States, except in Grant
Reprisal, and make Rules concerning To declare War, grant Letters of Marque and
Reprisal; coin Money; emit Bills of Credit; make any Thing but of Marque and
Republican The United States shall guarantee to every State in this Union a
require the Opinion, in writing, of the Service of the United States; he may
require it. in Cases of Rebellion or Invasion the public Safety may
require publish the same, excepting such Parts as may in their Judgment
required to assemble, determines by within twenty one days after Congress is
required as a Qualification to any Office or public Trust under the United
required, nor excessive fines imposed, nor cruel Excessive bail shall not be
requisite for electors of the most numerous branch of the State legislatures.
requisite for Electors of the most numerous Branch of have the Qualifications
reserved to the States respectively, or to prohibited by it to the States, are
reserving to the States respectively, the Appointment of the Officers, States,
reside. No State shall make or enforce any law which shall abridge wherein they
Resident within the United States.
Resignation or Inability, both of Law provide for the Case of Removal, Death,
resignation, the Vice President shall become President.
Resignation, or Inability to discharge the Powers and Duties of the said
Resignation, or otherwise, chosen every second Year; and if Vacancies happen by
Resolution, or Vote to which the Concurrence of the Senate and Every Order,
Respect to the Time of Adjournment, he may adjourn them to such Time as he
respecting an establishment of religion, or Congress shall make no law
respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to the United Regulations
respective numbers, counting the whole number of persons in each State, their
respective states, and vote by ballot for The Electors shall meet in their
respective Offices, and he shall have Power to relating to the Duties of their
respective States, and vote by Ballot for two The Electors shall meet in their
respective Writings Times to Authors and Inventors the exclusive Right to their
respective Houses, and in going to and returning from the same; and for their
respective Numbers, which may be included within this Union, according to their
respectively, or to prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States
respectively, the Appointment of the Officers, States, reserving to the States
respectively. If against the Bill shall be entered on the Journal of each House
resume the powers the same as Acting President; otherwise, the President shall
resume the powers and duties of his office that no inability exists, he shall
retained by the people. to deny or disparage others
return it, with his States; If he approve he shall sign it, but if not he shall
Return, in which Case it shall not be a Law. prevent its
returned by the President within ten Days (Sundays any Bill shall not be
returning from the same; and for their respective Houses, and in going to and
Returns and Qualifications of Each House shall be the Judge of the Elections,
Revenue to the No Preference shall be given by any Regulation of Commerce or
Revenue shall originate in the House of Representatives; All bills for raising
Revision and Control United States; and all such Laws shall be subject to the
Rhode Island and Providence Plantations one, Connecticut Massachusetts eight,
Richard Dobbs Spaight, Hugh Williamson North Carolina - William Blount,
Richard Bassett, Delaware - George Read, Gunning Bedford Jr., John Dickinson,
right of citizens of the United States, who are eighteen years of age or 1. The
right of citizens of the United States to vote in any primary or other 1. The
right of choice shall have devolved upon them. whenever the
right of choice shall have devolved upon them, and for the case of the the
right of citizens of the United States to vote shall not be denied or The
right of citizens of the United States to vote shall not be denied or 1. The
right to vote at any election for the excluding Indians not taxed. But when the
right of choice of Representatives shall not choose a President whenever the
right of trial by jury shall be preserved, and no fact tried by a dollars, the
right to a speedy and In all criminal prosecutions, the accused shall enjoy the
right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and The
right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed.
right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition of the press; or the
Right to their respective Writings Times to Authors and Inventors the exclusive
rights, shall not be construed The enumeration in the Constitution, of certain
Roads; To establish Post Offices and Post
Robert Morris, George Clymer, Pennsylvania - Benjamin Franklin, Thomas Mifflin,
Roger Sherman Connecticut - William Samuel Johnson,
Rufus King Massachusetts - Nathaniel Gorham,
Rule of Naturalization, and uniform Laws on the subject To establish an uniform
rules of the common law. according to the
Rules and The Congress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful
Rules for the Government and Regulation of the land and naval Forces; To make
Rules concerning To declare War, grant Letters of Marque and Reprisal, and make
Rules and Limitations prescribed in the Case of a Bill. to the
Rules of its Proceedings, punish its Members for Each House may determine the
Rutledge, Charles Cotesworth Pinckney, Charles Pinckney, South Carolina - John
Safety may require it. in Cases of Rebellion or Invasion the public
said Crimes shall have been such Trial shall be held in the State where the
said Resignation, or Inability to discharge the Powers and Duties of the
said House shall in like Majority, then from the five highest on the List the
sale, 1. After one year from the ratification of this article the manufacture,
same as Acting President; otherwise, the President shall resume the powers the
same state with themselves; they shall name in their ballots the person of the
same offense of War or public danger; nor shall any person be subject for the
same overt Act, or on Confession in open Court.
same State claiming Lands under Grants of different States, and between a
same shall devolve on the Vice President, and the Congress may by Office, the
same throughout the which they shall give their Votes; which Day shall be the
same State persons, of whom one at least shall not lie an Inhabitant of the
same Term, be elected, as follows: with the Vice-President chosen for the
Same shall be, for the Erection of of the Legislature of the State in which the
Same shall be presented to the President of the United States; and before the
Same shall be a Law, excepted) after it shall have been presented to him, the
same, or given aid or comfort to the insurrection or rebellion against the
same, excepting such Parts as may in their Judgment require publish the
Same. Establishment of this Constitution between the States so ratifying the
same; and for their respective Houses, and in going to and returning from the
Samuel Johnson, Roger Sherman Connecticut - William
Science and useful Arts, by securing for limited To promote the Progress of
sealed to votes for each, which lists they shall sign and certify, and transmit
sealed to the Seat of the Government of the United States, directed to transmit
searched, and the affirmation, and particularly describing the place to be
searches and seizures, shall not be violated, and effects, against unreasonable
Seas, and To define and punish Piracies and Felonies committed on the high
seat of Government of the United States shall 1. The District constituting the
seat of the government of the United States, directed to the President of the
Seat of the Government of the United States, directed to transmit sealed to the
Seat of the Government of the United the acceptance of Congress, become the
Seats of the they shall be divided as equally as may be into three Classes. The
second Year; and if Vacancies happen by Resignation, or otherwise, chosen every
second Class at the Expiration of the fourth Year, and of the Year, of the
second Senators of the first Class shall be vacated at the Expiration of the
second The House of Representatives shall be composed of Members chosen every
Secrecy; and the Yeas and Nays of the Members of either House on any question
Secretary Attest: William Jackson,
Section of the first Article; and that no State, fourth Clauses in the Ninth
Section 4
Section 3
Section 2
Section 1
Section 3
Section 2
Section 1
Section 4
Section 3
Section 2
Section 1
Section 10
Section 9
Section 8
Section 7
Section 6
Section 5
Section 4
Section 3
Section 2
Section 1
Sections 1 and 2 shall take effect on the 15th day of October following the 5.
secure in their persons, houses, papers, and The right of the people to be
secure the Blessings of Liberty to defence, promote the general Welfare, and
securing for limited To promote the Progress of Science and useful Arts, by
Securities and current Coin To provide for the Punishment of counterfeiting the
security of a free State, the A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the
seized. persons or things to be
seizures, shall not be violated, and effects, against unreasonable searches and
selected, and such person shall act accordingly until a President act shall be
Senate and the transmit within four days to the President pro tempore of the
Senate and the Speaker of the House of Representatives his written declaration
Senate and the Speaker of provide, transmit to the President pro tempore of the
Senate 3. Whenever the President transmits to the President pro tempore of the
Senate may choose a Vice President death of any of the persons from whom the
Senate of the United States shall be composed of two Senators from each The
Senate shall choose the Vice-President; a quorum for the on the list, the
Senate and House of The President of the Senate shall, in the presence of the
Senate shall, in the presence of the Senate and House of The President of the
Senate shall choose from should remain two or more who have equal Votes, the
Senate and House of Representatives, open all the Certificates, and the of the
Senate shall, in the Presence the President of the Senate. The President of the
Senate and House of Representatives, according be repassed by two thirds of the
Senate and Every Order, Resolution, or Vote to which the Concurrence of the
Senate may propose or concur with Amendments as on other Bills. but the
Senate shall have the sole Power to try all Impeachments. When sitting for The
Senate shall choose their other Officers, and also a President pro tempore, The
Senate of the United States shall be composed of two Senators from each The
Senate and House of Representatives. United States, which shall consist of a
Senate, the When vacancies happen in the representation of any State in the
Senate, by granting Commissions which shall expire at the End the Recess of the
Senate, shall appoint nominate, and by and with the Advice and Consent of the
Senate, to make He shall have Power, by and with the Advice and Consent of the
Senate, Every Bill which shall have passed the House of Representatives and the
Senate, but The Vice President of the United States shall be President of the
Senate. without its Consent, shall be deprived of its equal Suffrage in the
Senate. The President of the Senate shall, in the Presence the President of the
Senate; the
Senator or Representative in Congress, shall not be Vice President, or for
Senator chosen before it becomes valid as part of the Constitution. any
Senator shall State, elected by the people thereof, for six years; and each
Senator or Representative in Congress, or elector of 3. No person shall be a
Senator or to which the State may be entitled in the Congress: but no
Senator or Representative shall, during the Time for which he was elected, No
Senator who shall not have attained to the Age of thirty No person shall be a
Senator shall State, chosen by the Legislature thereof, for six Years; and each
Senators and No law, varying the compensation for the services of the
Senators and President and Vice President equal to the whole number of
Senators and Representatives at noon on the 3d day of January, and the terms of
Senators from each The Senate of the United States shall be composed of two
Senators and Representatives before mentioned, and the Members of the The
Senators present concur; and he shall Treaties, provided two thirds of the
Senators and Representatives a Number of Electors, equal to the whole Number of
Senators and Representatives shall receive a Compensation for their The
Senators and The Times, Places and Manner of holding Elections for
Senators of the first Class shall be vacated at the Expiration of the second
Senators from each The Senate of the United States shall be composed of two
Senators, and a purpose shall consist of two-thirds of the whole number of
Senators. as to the Place of Choosing
sent, together with the Objections, to the other House, by which it shall be
September in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred Seventeenth Day of
service in time in the land or naval forces, or in the Militia, when in actual
Service or Labour may be due. of the Party to whom such
Service or Labour, But shall be delivered up on Claim be discharged from such
Service or Labour in one State, under the Laws thereof, No Person held to
Service of the United States; he may require the Opinion, in writing, of the
Service of the United governing such Part of them as may be employed in the
Service for a Term of Years, and excluding Indians not including those bound to
services of the Senators and No law, varying the compensation for the
services in including debts incurred for payment of pensions and bounties for
Services a Compensation which shall not be diminished during their their
Services, a Compensation, The President shall, at stated Times, receive for his
Services, to be ascertained by Law, and paid out of the Treasury of the United
servitude, except as a punishment for crime 1. Neither slavery nor involuntary
servitude. previous condition of
Session of Peace, be privileged from Arrest during their Attendance at the
Session of Congress, shall, without the Consent of Neither House, during the
session, receipt of the latter written declaration, or, if Congress is not in
session. If the Congress, within twenty one days after purpose if not in
Session. of their next
seven years from the date of its submission to the States several States within
seven years from the date of the submission hereof in the Constitution, within
seven years from the date of its submission. several States within
seven years from the date of the provided in the Constitution, within
seven and of the Independence of the United States of America the and Eighty
seven hundred Seventeenth Day of September in the Year of our Lord one thousand
seven Years a Citizen of the United States, and who twenty five Years, and been
Seventeenth Day of September in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred
several States within seven years from the date of its submission to the States
several States, as provided amendment to the Constitution by conventions in the
several States within seven years from the date of its submission.
several States, as amendment to the Constitution by the legislatures of the
several States shall have concurrent power to enforce 2. The Congress and the
several States, and whatever source derived, without apportionment among the
several States according to 2. Representatives shall be apportioned among the
several States, shall be bound by Oath or the United States and of the
several State Legislatures, and all executive and judicial Officers, both of
several States, or by Conventions in three fourths three fourths of the
several States, shall call a Convention for Legislatures of two thirds of the
several States. of Citizens in the
several States, when called into the actual States, and of the Militia of the
several States, and To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the
several States Representatives and direct Taxes shall be apportioned among the
several States, and the Electors in each State shall Year by the People of the
sex. abridged by the United States or by any State on account of
shall Representatives, shall take effect, until an election of Representatives
shall take effect, until an election of Representatives shall Representatives,
shall have power to enforce this article by appropriate 2. The Congress
shall not be denied or abridged by the United States or by any older, to vote
shall resume the powers the same as Acting President; otherwise, the President
shall continue to discharge powers and duties of his office, the Vice President
shall decide the issue, assembling within forty eight hours for that Congress
shall resume the powers and duties of his office that no inability exists, he
shall immediately assume the powers and duties of the office as Acting
shall be discharged by the Vice President as Acting President.
shall take office upon President shall nominate a Vice President who
shall nominate a Vice President who shall take office upon President
shall become President. resignation, the Vice President
shall have power to enforce this article by appropriate 2. The Congress
shall not be Vice President, or for Senator or Representative in Congress,
shall have power to enforce this article by appropriate 2. The Congress
shall meet in the District and perform such appointed by a State; and they
shall be considered, for addition to those appointed by the States, but they
shall be in a State, but in no event more than the least populous State; they
shall 1. The District constituting the seat of Government of the United States
shall have been ratified as an 2. This article shall be inoperative unless it
shall be inoperative unless it shall have been ratified as an 2. This article
shall not prevent any person who may Article was proposed by the Congress, and
shall not apply to any person holding the office of President, when this Article
shall be elected to the office of the President more than once. But this
shall be elected to the office of the President more than twice, 1. No person
shall have been ratified as an 3. The article shall be inoperative unless it
shall be inoperative unless it shall have been ratified as an 3. The article
shall have been ratified as an 6. This article shall be inoperative unless it
shall be inoperative unless it shall have been ratified as an 6. This article
shall take effect on the 15th day of October following the 5. Sections 1 and 2
shall have devolved upon them. whenever the right of choice
shall have devolved upon them, and for the case of the the right of choice
shall have qualified. or Vice President
shall act accordingly until a President act shall be selected, and such person
shall be selected, and such person shall act accordingly until a President act
shall then act as President, or the manner in which one who is to declaring who
shall have qualified, neither a President elect nor a Vice President elect
shall have qualified; and the Congress may by law provide for the case wherein
shall act as President until a President qualify, then the Vice President elect
shall have failed to the beginning of his term, or if the President elect
shall not have been chosen before the time fixed for President. If a President
shall become President elect shall have died, the Vice President elect
shall have died, the Vice President elect shall become President elect
shall by law appoint shall begin at noon on the 3d day of January, unless they
shall begin at noon on the 3d day of January, unless they shall by law appoint
shall assemble at least once in every year, and such meeting 2. The Congress
shall then article had not been ratified; and the terms of their successors
shall end at noon on the 20th 1. The terms of the President and Vice President
shall have power to enforce this article by appropriate legislation. Congress
shall not be denied or The right of citizens of the United States to vote
shall have been ratified as an 3. This article shall be inoperative unless it
shall be inoperative unless it shall have been ratified as an 3. This article
shall have concurrent power to enforce 2. The Congress and the several States
shall not be so construed as to affect the election or term of This amendment
shall issue writs of election to fill such executive authority of such State
shall have the qualifications have one vote. The electors in each State
shall State, elected by the people thereof, for six years; and each Senator
shall be composed of two Senators from each The Senate of the United States
shall have power to lay and collect taxes on incomes, from The Congress
shall have power to enforce this article by appropriate 2. The Congress
shall not be denied or 1. The right of citizens of the United States to vote
shall have power to enforce, by appropriate legislation, the 5. The Congress
shall be held illegal and void. claims
shall assume or pay any debt or obligation incurred United States nor any State
shall not be questioned. But neither the suppressing insurrection or rebellion,
shall have engaged in support the Constitution of the United States,
shall be a Senator or Representative in Congress, or elector of 3. No person
shall bear to the whole proportion which the number of such male citizens
shall be reduced in the or other crime, the basis of representation therein
shall be apportioned among the several States according to 2. Representatives
shall any the privileges or immunities of citizens of the United States; nor
shall abridge wherein they reside. No State shall make or enforce any law which
shall make or enforce any law which shall abridge wherein they reside. No State
shall have power to enforce this article by appropriate 2. Congress
shall exist within the United whereof the party shall have been duly convicted,
shall have been duly convicted, shall exist within the United whereof the party
shall be eligible to constitutionally ineligible to the office of President
shall be necessary to a choice. But no person majority of the whole number
shall consist of two-thirds of the whole number of Senators, and a purpose
shall choose the Vice-President; a quorum for the on the list, the Senate
shall be the The person having the greatest number of votes as Vice-President,
shall act as President, as in the case of the death or other the Vice-President
shall devolve upon them, before the fourth day of March next following, then
shall not choose a President whenever the right of choice of Representatives
shall be necessary to a choice. And if the House a majority of all the states
shall consist of a member or members from two-thirds of the states, and purpose
shall be taken by the President. But in choosing the President, the votes
shall choose immediately, by ballot, President, the House of Representatives
shall be the The person having the greatest Number of votes for President,
shall then be counted; Representatives, open all the certificates and the votes
shall sign and certify, and transmit sealed to votes for each, which lists they
shall make distinct lists of all persons voted for as Vice-President, and they
shall name in their ballots the person of the same state with themselves; they
shall not be an inhabitant President and Vice-President, one of whom, at least,
shall meet in their respective states, and vote by ballot for The Electors
shall not be construed to extend to any The Judicial power of the United States
shall not be construed The enumeration in the Constitution, of certain rights,
shall not be required, nor excessive fines imposed, nor cruel Excessive bail
shall be otherwise re-examined in any Court of the United States, than jury,
shall be preserved, and no fact tried by a dollars, the right of trial by jury
shall exceed twenty In Suits at common law, where the value in controversy
shall have been previously shall have been committed, which district
shall have been committed, which district shall have been previously
shall enjoy the right to a speedy and In all criminal prosecutions, the accused
shall private property be liberty, or property, without due process of law; nor
shall be compelled in any to be twice put in jeopardy of life or limb; nor
shall any person be subject for the same offense of War or public danger; nor
shall be held to answer for a capital, or otherwise infamous crime, No person
shall issue, but upon probable cause, supported by Oath or no Warrants
shall not be violated, and effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures,
shall not be infringed. right of the people to keep and bear Arms,
shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or Congress
shall be sufficient for the The Ratification of the Conventions of nine States,
shall ever be Affirmation, to support this Constitution; but no religious Test
shall be bound by Oath or the United States and of the several States,
shall be bound thereby, any Thing in the Constitution or Judges in every State
shall be the supreme Law of the Land; and the Authority of the United States,
shall be made, under the Pursuance thereof; and all Treaties made, or which
shall be made in This Constitution, and the Laws of the United States which
shall be as valid against the United States under this Constitution,
shall be deprived of its equal Suffrage in the Senate. without its Consent,
shall in any Manner affect the first and thousand eight hundred and eight
shall be valid to all Intents and proposing Amendments, which, in either Case,
shall call a Convention for Legislatures of two thirds of the several States,
shall The Congress, whenever two thirds of both Houses shall deem it necessary,
shall deem it necessary, shall The Congress, whenever two thirds of both Houses
shall protect each of them against Invasion; and on Form of Government, and
shall guarantee to every State in this Union a Republican The United States
shall be so construed as to Prejudice States; and nothing in this Constitution
shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and The Congress
shall be formed or erected within the Jurisdiction of any other State; nor any
shall be delivered up on Claim be discharged from such Service or Labour, But
shall on demand of the flee from Justice, and be found in another State,
shall A Person charged in any State with Treason, Felony, or other Crime, who
shall be entitled to all Privileges and Immunities The Citizens of each State
shall be Laws prescribe the Manner in which such Acts, Records and Proceedings
shall be given in each State to the public Acts, Records, Full Faith and Credit
shall work Corruption of Blood, or Forfeiture except Attainder of Treason
shall have power to declare the Punishment of Treason, but no The Congress
shall be convicted of Treason unless on the Testimony of two Witnesses to the
shall consist only in levying War against Treason against the United States,
shall be at such committed; but when not committed within any State, the Trial
shall have been such Trial shall be held in the State where the said Crimes
shall be held in the State where the said Crimes shall have been such Trial
shall be by Jury; and The Trial of all Crimes, except in Cases of Impeachment,
shall make. under such Regulations as the Congress
shall Jurisdiction. In all the other Cases before mentioned, the supreme Court
shall have original those in which a State shall be Party, the supreme Court
shall be Party, the supreme Court shall have original those in which a State
shall be a Party; to Jurisdiction; to Controversies to which the United States
shall be made, under their Authority; to all Cases affecting Ambassadors, other
shall extend to all Cases, in Law and Equity, arising under The judicial Power
shall not be diminished during their their Services a Compensation which
shall hold establish. The Judges, both of the supreme and inferior Courts,
shall be vested in one supreme Court, The judicial Power of the United States,
shall be removed from Office on Impeachment for, and Conviction of, Treason,
shall Commission all shall take Care that the Laws be faithfully executed, and
shall take Care that the Laws be faithfully executed, and shall Commission all
shall receive Ambassadors and other public Ministers; he shall think proper; he
shall think proper; he shall receive Ambassadors and other public Ministers; he
shall judge Union, and recommend to their Consideration such Measures as he
shall from time to time give to the Congress Information of the State of the He
shall expire at the End the Recess of the Senate, by granting Commissions which
shall have Power to fill up all Vacancies that may happen during The President
shall be established by Law: but the Congress otherwise provided for, and which
shall appoint nominate, and by and with the Advice and Consent of the Senate,
shall Treaties, provided two thirds of the Senators present concur; and he
shall have Power, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Senate, to make He
shall have Power to relating to the Duties of their respective Offices, and he
shall be Commander in Chief of the Army and Navy of the United The President
shall take the following Before he enter on the Execution of his Office, he
shall not receive within that Period any other shall have been elected, and he
shall have been elected, and he shall not receive within that Period any other
shall neither be increased nor diminished during the Period for which he which
shall be elected. removed, or a President
shall act accordingly, until the Disability be President, and such Officer
shall then act as the President and Vice President, declaring what Officer
shall devolve on the Vice President, and the Congress may by Office, the same
shall not of President; neither shall any Person be eligible to that Office who
shall any Person be eligible to that Office who shall not of President; neither
shall be eligible to the Office the time of the Adoption of this Constitution,
shall be the same throughout the which they shall give their Votes; which Day
shall give their Votes; which Day shall be the same throughout the which they
shall choose from should remain two or more who have equal Votes, the Senate
shall be the Vice President. But if there Number of Votes of the Electors
shall be necessary to a Choice. In States, and a Majority of all the States
shall consist of a Member or Members from two-thirds of the for this Purpose
shall be Manner choose the President. But in choosing the President, the Votes
shall in like Majority, then from the five highest on the List the said House
shall have an equal Number of Votes, then the House of Representatives
shall be the President, if such Number be a Majority of the whole Number of
shall then be counted. The Person having the greatest Number of Votes Votes
shall sign and certify, and of the Number of Votes for each; which List they
shall make a List of all the Persons voted for, and with themselves. And they
shall not lie an Inhabitant of the same State persons, of whom one at least
shall meet in their respective States, and vote by Ballot for two The Electors
shall be appointed an Elector. States,
shall appoint, in such Manner as the Legislature thereof may direct, Each State
shall hold his Office during the Term of four Years, and, together America. He
shall be vested in a President of the United States of The executive Power
shall be subject to the Revision and Control United States; and all such Laws
shall be for the Use of the Treasury of the any State on Imports or Exports,
shall enter into any Treaty, Alliance, or Confederation; grant Letters No State
shall be granted by the United States: And no Person No Title of Nobility
shall be published from time to time. Expenditures of all public Money
shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations No Money
shall Vessels bound to, or from, Ports of one State over those of another: nor
shall be given by any Regulation of Commerce or Revenue to the No Preference
shall be laid on Articles exported from any State. No Tax or Duty
shall be laid, unless in Proportion to the No capitation, or other direct, Tax
shall be passed. No Bill of Attainder or ex post facto Law
shall not be suspended, unless when The privilege of the Writ of Habeas Corpus
shall not be prohibited by the Congress prior to shall think proper to admit,
shall think proper to admit, shall not be prohibited by the Congress prior to
shall be necessary and proper for carrying into To make all Laws which
shall be, for the Erection of of the Legislature of the State in which the Same
shall be To raise and support Armies, but no Appropriation of Money to that Use
shall be Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises
shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and The Congress
shall shall take Effect, shall be approved by him, or being disapproved by him,
shall be approved by him, or being disapproved by him, shall shall take Effect,
shall take Effect, shall be approved by him, or being disapproved by him, shall
shall be presented to the President of the United States; and before the Same
shall not be a Law. prevent its Return, in which Case it
shall be a Law, excepted) after it shall have been presented to him, the Same
shall have been presented to him, the Same shall be a Law, excepted) after it
shall not be returned by the President within ten Days (Sundays any Bill
shall be entered on the Journal of each House respectively. If against the Bill
shall be shall become a Law. But in all such Cases the Votes of both Houses
shall become a Law. But in all such Cases the Votes of both Houses shall be
shall likewise be reconsidered, and if approved by two thirds of that House, it
shall be sent, together with the Objections, to the other House, by which it
shall agree to pass the Bill, it such Reconsideration two thirds of that House
shall enter the Objections to that House in which it shall have originated, who
shall have originated, who shall enter the Objections to that House in which it
shall return it, with his States; If he approve he shall sign it, but if not he
shall sign it, but if not he shall return it, with his States; If he approve he
shall have passed the House of Representatives and the Senate, Every Bill which
shall originate in the House of Representatives; All bills for raising Revenue
shall be a Member of either House during his Continuance in Office.
shall have been increased shall have been created, or the Emoluments whereof
shall have been created, or the Emoluments whereof shall have been increased
shall not be questioned in any other any Speech or Debate in either House, they
shall in all Cases, except Treason, Felony and Breach of the States. They
shall receive a Compensation for their The Senators and Representatives
shall be sitting. in which the two Houses
shall keep a Journal of its Proceedings, and from time to time Each House
shall constitute a Quorum to do its own Members, and a Majority of each
shall be the Judge of the Elections, Returns and Qualifications of Each House
shall by Law appoint a be on the first Monday in December, unless they
shall The Congress shall assemble at least once in every Year, and such Meeting
shall assemble at least once in every Year, and such Meeting shall The Congress
shall be prescribed in each State by the Legislature thereof; Representatives,
shall nevertheless be Profit under the United States: but the Party convicted
shall not extend further than to removal from Judgment in Cases of Impeachment
shall be United States is tried, the Chief Justice shall preside: And no Person
shall preside: And no Person shall be United States is tried, the Chief Justice
shall be on Oath or Affirmation. When the President of the that Purpose, they
shall have the sole Power to try all Impeachments. When sitting for The Senate
shall exercise the Office of in the absence of the Vice President, or when he
shall choose their other Officers, and also a President pro tempore, The Senate
shall have no Vote, unless they be equally divided.
shall be President of the Senate, but The Vice President of the United States
shall be chosen. when elected, be an Inhabitant of that State for which he
shall not, Years, and been nine Years a Citizen of the United States, and who
shall not have attained to the Age of thirty No person shall be a Senator who
shall be a Senator who shall not have attained to the Age of thirty No person
shall then fill such Vacancies.
shall be vacated at the Expiration of the second Senators of the first Class
shall be divided as equally as may be into three Classes. The Seats of the they
shall be assembled in Consequence of the first Election, Immediately after they
shall State, chosen by the Legislature thereof, for six Years; and each Senator
shall be composed of two Senators from each The Senate of the United States
shall have the sole Power of Impeachment.
shall choose their Speaker and other Officers; and The House of Representatives
shall issue Writs of Election to fill such Vacancies. Authority thereof
shall be entitled to choose three, made, the State of New Hampshire
shall be shall have at Least one Representative; and until such enumeration
shall have at Least one Representative; and until such enumeration shall be
shall not exceed one for every thirty Thousand, but each State Representatives
shall by Law direct. The Number of Years, in such Manner as they
shall be made within three Years after the first Meeting The actual Enumeration
shall be determined by adding to the whole Number of free Persons, which
shall be apportioned among the several States Representatives and direct Taxes
shall be shall not, when elected, be an Inhabitant of that State in which he
shall not, when elected, be an Inhabitant of that State in which he shall be
shall not have attained to the Age of No Person shall be a Representative who
shall be a Representative who shall not have attained to the Age of No Person
shall Year by the People of the several States, and the Electors in each State
shall be composed of Members chosen every second The House of Representatives
shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives. United States, which
shall be vested in a Congress of the All legislative Powers herein granted
shall, in the presence of the Senate and House of The President of the Senate
shall, in time of peace be quartered in any house, without the No Soldier
shall, in Consequence of any Law or Regulation therein, escaping into another,
shall, at stated Times, receive for their Offices during good Behavior, and
shall, at stated Times, receive for his Services, a Compensation, The President
shall, in the Presence the President of the Senate. The President of the Senate
shall, without the Consent of Congress, lay any duty of Tonnage, keep No State
shall, without the Consent of the Congress, lay any Imposts or Duties No State
shall, without the Consent of holding any Office of Profit or Trust under them,
shall, before it become a Law, be presented to the President of the United
shall, during the Time for which he was elected, No Senator or Representative
shall, without the Consent of Neither House, during the Session of Congress,
shall, at the Desire of one fifth of those Present, be entered on the Journal.
Sherman Connecticut - William Samuel Johnson, Roger
Ships of War in time of Peace, enter into any Agreement or Compact Troops, or
should remain two or more who have equal Votes, the Senate shall choose from
sign and certify, and transmit sealed to votes for each, which lists they shall
sign and certify, and of the Number of Votes for each; which List they shall
sign it, but if not he shall return it, with his States; If he approve he shall
signed it, unless the Congress by their Adjournment in like Manner as if he had
silver Coin a Tender in Payment of Debts; pass any Bill of Attainder, gold and
sitting for The Senate shall have the sole Power to try all Impeachments. When
sitting. in which the two Houses shall be
six years; and each Senator shall State, elected by the people thereof, for
six Years; and each Senator shall State, chosen by the Legislature thereof, for
six, Virginia ten, North Carolina five, South Carolina five and Georgia three.
six, New Jersey four, Pennsylvania eight, Delaware one, Maryland five, New York
sixth Year, so that one third may be third Class at the Expiration of the
slave; but all such debts, obligations and the loss or emancipation of any
slavery nor involuntary servitude, except as a punishment for crime 1. Neither
smaller number may adjourn from day to day, and may be Business; but a
so construed as to affect the election or term of This amendment shall not be
so ratifying the Same. Establishment of this Constitution between the States
so construed as to Prejudice States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be
so that one third may be third Class at the Expiration of the sixth Year,
Soldier shall, in time of peace be quartered in any house, without the No
sole Power to try all Impeachments. When sitting for The Senate shall have the
sole Power of Impeachment. shall have the
solemnly swear (or affirm) that I will faithfully execute the Office of "I do
some other person was elected President more than two years of a term to which
source derived, without apportionment among the several States, and whatever
South Carolina - John Rutledge, Charles Cotesworth Pinckney, Charles Pinckney,
South Carolina five and Georgia three. six, Virginia ten, North Carolina five,
Spaight, Hugh Williamson North Carolina - William Blount, Richard Dobbs
Speaker of the House of Representatives their written declaration that the
Speaker of the House of Representatives his written declaration Senate and the
Speaker of provide, transmit to the President pro tempore of the Senate and the
Speaker of the House of Representatives his written declaration that he and the
Speaker and other Officers; and The House of Representatives shall choose their
Speech or Debate in either House, they shall not be questioned in any other any
speech, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of
speedy and In all criminal prosecutions, the accused shall enjoy the right to a
square) as may, by Cession of particular States, and (not exceeding ten Miles
St Thomas Jenifer, Daniel Carroll Maryland - James McHenry, Daniel of
Standard of Weights and Measures;
State on account of age.
State by reason of failure to denied or abridged by the United States or any
State on account of sex. abridged by the United States or by any
State may empower the vacancies: Provided, That the legislature of any
State shall issue writs of election to fill such executive authority of such
State in the Senate, the When vacancies happen in the representation of any
State legislatures. requisite for electors of the most numerous branch of the
State shall have the qualifications have one vote. The electors in each
State on account of race, color, or abridged by the United States or by any
State shall assume or pay any debt or obligation incurred United States nor any
State legislature, or as an executive or judicial officer of any State, to any
State deprive any person of life, liberty, or property, without due process of
State shall make or enforce any law which shall abridge wherein they reside. No
State jurisdiction thereof, are citizens of the United States and of the
state having one vote; a quorum for this states, the representation from each
state with themselves; they shall name in their ballots the person of the same
State and district wherein the crime public trial, by an impartial jury of the
State Legislatures, and all executive and judicial Officers, both of several
State to the Contrary notwithstanding. Laws of any
State shall be bound thereby, any Thing in the Constitution or Judges in every
State in this Union a Republican The United States shall guarantee to every
State be formed by the Junction of two or more States, or parts of States,
State having Jurisdiction of the Crime. removed to the
State from which he fled, be delivered up, to be executive Authority of the
State with Treason, Felony, or other Crime, who shall A Person charged in any
State shall be entitled to all Privileges and Immunities The Citizens of each
State to the public Acts, Records, Full Faith and Credit shall be given in each
State where the said Crimes shall have been such Trial shall be held in the
State shall be Party, the supreme Court shall have original those in which a
State claiming Lands under Grants of different States, and between a same
State and Citizens of Controversies between two or more States; between a
State of the He shall from time to time give to the Congress Information of the
State having one Vote; a quorum taken by States, the Representation from each
State persons, of whom one at least shall not lie an Inhabitant of the same
State may be entitled in the Congress: but no Senator or to which the
State shall appoint, in such Manner as the Legislature thereof may direct, Each
State shall, without the Consent of Congress, lay any duty of Tonnage, keep No
State on Imports or Exports, shall be for the Use of the Treasury of the any
State shall, without the Consent of the Congress, lay any Imposts or Duties No
State shall enter into any Treaty, Alliance, or Confederation; grant Letters No
State over those of another: nor shall Vessels bound to, or from, Ports of one
State in which the Same shall be, for the Erection of of the Legislature of the
State by the Legislature thereof; Representatives, shall be prescribed in each
State for which he shall be chosen. when elected, be an Inhabitant of that
State of New Hampshire shall be entitled to choose three, made, the
State Representatives shall not exceed one for every thirty Thousand, but each
State in which he shall be shall not, when elected, be an Inhabitant of that
State Legislature. the
State shall Year by the People of the several States, and the Electors in each
State, but in no event more than the least populous State; they shall be in a
State, Territory, or possession 2. The transportation or importation into any
State, elected by the people thereof, for six years; and each Senator shall
State, to any State legislature, or as an executive or judicial officer of any
State, who, having previously taken an oath, as a United States, or under any
State, being twenty-one years of age, and citizens of the inhabitants of such
State, or Representatives in Congress, the Executive and Judicial officers of a
State, their respective numbers, counting the whole number of persons in each
State, or by Citizens or Subjects of any Foreign State. by Citizens of another
State, the A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free
State, fourth Clauses in the Ninth Section of the first Article; and that no
State, under the Laws thereof, No Person held to Service or Labour in one
State, shall on demand of the flee from Justice, and be found in another
State, the Trial shall be at such committed; but when not committed within any
State, or the Citizens thereof, and foreign States, Citizens or Subjects.
State, or with a foreign Power, or engage in War, unless actually with another
State, be obliged to enter, clear, or pay Duties in another. one
State, the Executive thereof may during the Recess of the Legislature of any
State, chosen by the Legislature thereof, for six Years; and each Senator shall
State, the Executive When vacancies happen in the Representation from any
State. number of male citizens twenty-one years of age in such
State. by Citizens of another State, or by Citizens or Subjects of any Foreign
State. any Claims of the United States, or of any particular
State. And the Congress may by general and judicial Proceedings of every other
State. whatever, from any King, Prince or foreign
State. No Tax or Duty shall be laid on Articles exported from any
State; and they shall meet in the District and perform such appointed by a
State; they shall be in a State, but in no event more than the least populous
State; nor any shall be formed or erected within the Jurisdiction of any other
State; between Citizens of different States; between Citizens of the another
stated Times, receive for their Offices during good Behavior, and shall, at
stated Times, receive for his Services, a Compensation, The President shall, at
Statement and Account of the Receipts and made by Law; and a regular
States or by any older, to vote shall not be denied or abridged by the United
States or any State by reason of failure to denied or abridged by the United
States to vote in any primary or other 1. The right of citizens of the United
States shall 1. The District constituting the seat of Government of the United
States several States within seven years from the date of its submission to the
States within seven years from the date of its submission to the States several
States by the Congress. to the
States for delivery or use therein of intoxicating liquors, in of the United
States 1. The eighteenth article of amendment to the Constitution of the United
States within seven years from the date of its submission. several
States or by any State on account of sex. abridged by the United
States to vote shall not be denied or The right of citizens of the United
States by the Congress. submission hereof to the
States shall have concurrent power to enforce 2. The Congress and the several
States and all territory subject to or the exportation thereof from the United
States shall be composed of two Senators from each The Senate of the United
States or by any State on account of race, color, or abridged by the United
States to vote shall not be denied or 1. The right of citizens of the United
States nor any State shall assume or pay any debt or obligation incurred United
States according to 2. Representatives shall be apportioned among the several
States and of the State jurisdiction thereof, are citizens of the United
states shall be necessary to a choice. And if the House a majority of all the
States suit in law or equity, commenced or prosecuted against one of the United
States shall not be construed to extend to any The Judicial power of the United
States respectively, or to prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the
States by the Constitution, nor The powers not delegated to the United
States of America the and Eighty seven and of the Independence of the United
States present the Done in Convention by the Unanimous Consent of the
States so ratifying the Same. Establishment of this Constitution between the
States and of the several States, shall be bound by Oath or the United
States which shall be made in This Constitution, and the Laws of the United
States under this Constitution, shall be as valid against the United
States shall guarantee to every State in this Union a Republican The United
States concerned as well as of without the Consent of the Legislatures of the
States New States may be admitted by the Congress into this Union; but no new
States may be admitted by the Congress into this Union; but no new States New
States shall be a Party; to Jurisdiction; to Controversies to which the United
States shall be necessary to a Choice. In States, and a Majority of all the
States of The executive Power shall be vested in a President of the United
States now existing The Migration or Importation of such Persons as any of the
States respectively, the Appointment of the Officers, States, reserving to the
States which be appointed to any civil Office under the Authority of the United
States is tried, the Chief Justice shall preside: And no Person shall be United
States shall be President of the Senate, but The Vice President of the United
States shall be composed of two Senators from each The Senate of the United
States Representatives and direct Taxes shall be apportioned among the several
States of America. United
States, who are eighteen years of age or 1. The right of citizens of the United
States, but they shall be considered, for addition to those appointed by the
States, as provided amendment to the Constitution by conventions in the several
States, as amendment to the Constitution by the legislatures of the several
States, and whatever source derived, without apportionment among the several
States, or any claim for in aid of insurrection or rebellion against the United
States, authorized by law, 4. The validity of the public debt of the United
States, shall have engaged in support the Constitution of the United
States, or as a member of member of Congress, or as an officer of the United
States, or under any State, who, having previously taken an oath, as a United
States, or in any way abridged, except for participation in rebellion, United
States, choice of electors for President and Vice-President of the United
States, and subject to the 1. All persons born or naturalized in the United
States, or any place subject to their jurisdiction.
states, and purpose shall consist of a member or members from two-thirds of the
states, the representation from each state having one vote; a quorum for this
States, directed to the President of the seat of the government of the United
states, and vote by ballot for The Electors shall meet in their respective
States, are reserved to the States respectively, or to prohibited by it to the
States, than jury, shall be otherwise re-examined in any Court of the United
States, shall be sufficient for the The Ratification of the Conventions of nine
States, shall be bound by Oath or the United States and of the several
States, shall be the supreme Law of the Land; and the Authority of the United
States, or by Conventions in three fourths three fourths of the several
States, shall call a Convention for Legislatures of two thirds of the several
States, or of any particular State. any Claims of the United
States, State be formed by the Junction of two or more States, or parts of
States, or parts of States, State be formed by the Junction of two or more
States, shall consist only in levying War against Treason against the United
States, Citizens or Subjects. State, or the Citizens thereof, and foreign
States, and between a same State claiming Lands under Grants of different
States, and Treaties made, or which this Constitution, the Laws of the United
States, shall be vested in one supreme Court, The judicial Power of the United
States, The President, Vice President and all civil Officers of the United
States, whose Appointments are not herein and all other Officers of the United
States, except in Grant Reprieves and Pardons for Offenses against the United
States, when called into the actual States, and of the Militia of the several
States, and of the Militia of the several States, when called into the actual
States, and will to the best of my Ability, preserve, President of the United
States, or any of them. Emolument from the United
States, at No person except a natural born Citizen, or a Citizen of the United
States, and a Majority of all the States shall be necessary to a Choice. In
States, the Representation from each State having one Vote; a quorum taken by
States, directed to transmit sealed to the Seat of the Government of the United
States, and vote by Ballot for two The Electors shall meet in their respective
States, shall be appointed an Elector.
States, or in any Department or Constitution in the Government of the United
States, and to exercise like Authority over all Places purchased by the Consent
States, and (not exceeding ten Miles square) as may, by Cession of particular
States, reserving to the States respectively, the Appointment of the Officers,
States, and To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several
States, during such time; and no Person holding any Office under the United
States, and who shall not, Years, and been nine Years a Citizen of the United
States, and within every subsequent Term of ten of the Congress of the United
States, and who twenty five Years, and been seven Years a Citizen of the United
States, and the Electors in each State shall Year by the People of the several
States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives. United
States, in Order to form a more perfect Union, We the People of the United
States. that of Vice-President of the United
States.
States. of Citizens in the several
States. the Officers of the United
States. Resident within the United
States. United
States. They shall in all Cases, except Treason, Felony and Breach of the
States. President of the United
States." protect and defend the Constitution of the United
States: And no Person No Title of Nobility shall be granted by the United
States: but the Party convicted shall nevertheless be Profit under the United
States; nor shall any the privileges or immunities of citizens of the United
States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so construed as to Prejudice
States; between Citizens of the another State; between Citizens of different
States; between a State and Citizens of Controversies between two or more
States; he may require the Opinion, in writing, of the Service of the United
States; and all such Laws shall be subject to the Revision and Control United
States; of the United
States; of Bankruptcies throughout the United
States; To borrow money on the credit of the United
States; uniform throughout the United
States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be Welfare of the United
States; and before the Same shall be presented to the President of the United
States; If he approve he shall sign it, but if not he shall return it, with his
subject to or the exportation thereof from the United States and all territory
subject to the 1. All persons born or naturalized in the United States, and
subject to their jurisdiction. States, or any place
subject for the same offense of War or public danger; nor shall any person be
subject principal Officer in each of the executive Departments, upon any
subject to the Revision and Control United States; and all such Laws shall be
subject To establish an uniform Rule of Naturalization, and uniform Laws on the
subject to Indictment, Trial, Judgment and Punishment, according to liable and
Subjects of any Foreign State. by Citizens of another State, or by Citizens or
Subjects. State, or the Citizens thereof, and foreign States, Citizens or
submission to the States several States within seven years from the date of its
submission hereof in the Constitution, within seven years from the date of the
submission hereof to the States by the Congress.
submission. several States within seven years from the date of its
subscribed our Names. Twelfth. In Witness whereof We have hereunto
subsequent Term of ten of the Congress of the United States, and within every
successors shall then article had not been ratified; and the terms of their
such other body as Congress may by law provide, the executive department or of
such other body as Congress may by law of the executive departments or of
such powers and duties transmits to them a written declaration to the contrary,
such appointed by a State; and they shall meet in the District and perform
such manner as the Congress may direct: A number of electors of appoint in
such term. President or acting as President during the remainder of
such person shall act accordingly until a President act shall be selected, and
such meeting 2. The Congress shall assemble at least once in every year, and
such terms would have ended if this day of January, of the years in which
such executive authority of such State shall issue writs of election to fill
such State shall issue writs of election to fill such executive authority of
such debts, obligations and the loss or emancipation of any slave; but all
such disability.
such State. number of male citizens twenty-one years of age in
such male citizens shall bear to the whole proportion which the number of
such State, being twenty-one years of age, and citizens of the inhabitants of
such number be a majority of the whole number of Electors Vice-President, if
such majority, then from the persons having appointed; and if no person have
such number be a majority of the whole number of Electors President, if
such Service or Labour may be due. of the Party to whom
such Service or Labour, But shall be delivered up on Claim be discharged from
such Acts, Records and Proceedings shall be Laws prescribe the Manner in which
such committed; but when not committed within any State, the Trial shall be at
such Trial shall be held in the State where the said Crimes shall have been
such Regulations as the Congress shall make. under
such Exceptions, and have appellate Jurisdiction, both as to Law and Fact, with
such inferior Courts as the Congress may from time to time ordain and and in
such Time as he Respect to the Time of Adjournment, he may adjourn them to
such Measures as he shall judge Union, and recommend to their Consideration
such inferior Officers, as they think may by Law vest the Appointment of
such Officer shall act accordingly, until the Disability be President, and
such Majority, and Electors appointed; and if there be more than one who have
such Number be a Majority of the whole Number of shall be the President, if
such Manner as the Legislature thereof may direct, Each State shall appoint, in
such imminent Danger as will not admit of delay. invaded, or in
such Laws shall be subject to the Revision and Control United States; and all
such Importation, not exceeding ten dollars for each Person. on
such Persons as any of the States now existing The Migration or Importation of
such District To exercise exclusive Legislation in all Cases whatsoever, over
such Part of them as may be employed in the Service of the United governing
such Cases the Votes of both Houses shall be shall become a Law. But in all
such Reconsideration two thirds of that House shall agree to pass the Bill, it
such time; and no Person holding any Office under the United States, during
such Parts as may in their Judgment require publish the same, excepting
such Penalties as each House may provide. under
such Manner, and authorized to compel the Attendance of absent Members, in
such Meeting shall The Congress shall assemble at least once in every Year, and
such Regulations, except but the Congress may at any time by Law make or alter
such Vacancies. shall then fill
such Vacancies. Authority thereof shall issue Writs of Election to fill
such enumeration shall be shall have at Least one Representative; and until
such Manner as they shall by Law direct. The Number of Years, in
sufficient for the The Ratification of the Conventions of nine States, shall be
Suffrage in the Senate. without its Consent, shall be deprived of its equal
suit in law or equity, commenced or prosecuted against one of the United States
Suits at common law, where the value in controversy shall exceed twenty In
support the Constitution of the United States, shall have engaged in
support this Constitution; but no religious Test shall ever be Affirmation, to
support Armies, but no Appropriation of Money to that Use shall be To raise and
supported by Oath or no Warrants shall issue, but upon probable cause,
suppress Insurrections and repel Invasions;
suppressing insurrection or rebellion, shall not be questioned. But neither the
supreme Law of the Land; and the Authority of the United States, shall be the
supreme Court shall Jurisdiction. In all the other Cases before mentioned, the
supreme Court shall have original those in which a State shall be Party, the
supreme and inferior Courts, shall hold establish. The Judges, both of the
supreme Court, The judicial Power of the United States, shall be vested in one
supreme Court, Ambassadors, other public Ministers and Consuls, Judges of the
supreme Court; To constitute Tribunals inferior to the
suspended, unless when The privilege of the Writ of Habeas Corpus shall not be
swear (or affirm) that I will faithfully execute the Office of "I do solemnly
take effect, until an election of Representatives shall Representatives, shall
take office upon President shall nominate a Vice President who shall
take effect on the 15th day of October following the 5. Sections 1 and 2 shall
take Care that the Laws be faithfully executed, and shall Commission all shall
take the following Before he enter on the Execution of his Office, he shall
take Effect, shall be approved by him, or being disapproved by him, shall shall
taken an oath, as a United States, or under any State, who, having previously
taken by the President. But in choosing the President, the votes shall be
taken for public use, without just compensation.
taken by States, the Representation from each State having one Vote; a quorum
taken. Census or Enumeration herein before directed to be
tax or other tax. pay any poll
Tax or Duty shall be laid on Articles exported from any State. No
Tax shall be laid, unless in Proportion to the No capitation, or other direct,
tax or duty may be imposed the Year one thousand eight hundred and eight, but a
tax. pay any poll tax or other
taxed, three fifths of all other Persons.
taxed. But when the right to vote at any election for the excluding Indians not
taxes on incomes, from The Congress shall have power to lay and collect
Taxes shall be apportioned among the several States Representatives and direct
Taxes, Duties, Imposts and The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect
temporary appointments until the people fill the executive thereof to make
temporary Appointments until the next Meeting of the Legislature, which make
tempore of the Senate and the transmit within four days to the President pro
tempore of the Thereafter, when the President transmits to the President pro
tempore of the Senate and the Speaker of provide, transmit to the President pro
tempore of the Senate 3. Whenever the President transmits to the President pro
tempore, The Senate shall choose their other Officers, and also a President pro
ten dollars for each Person. on such Importation, not exceeding
ten Miles square) as may, by Cession of particular States, and (not exceeding
ten Days (Sundays any Bill shall not be returned by the President within
ten of the Congress of the United States, and within every subsequent Term of
ten, North Carolina five, South Carolina five and Georgia three. six, Virginia
Tender in Payment of Debts; pass any Bill of Attainder, gold and silver Coin a
term be holding the office of President, or acting as President, during the
term to which some other person was elected President more than two years of a
term of the President, the 3. If, at the time fixed for the beginning of the
term of This amendment shall not be so construed as to affect the election or
Term of four Years, and, together America. He shall hold his Office during the
Term than two Years; for a longer
Term of ten of the Congress of the United States, and within every subsequent
Term of Years, and excluding Indians not including those bound to Service for a
term, or if the President elect shall have failed to the beginning of his
Term, be elected, as follows: with the Vice-President chosen for the same
term. President or acting as President during the remainder of such
terms of their successors shall then article had not been ratified; and the
terms would have ended if this day of January, of the years in which such
terms of Senators and Representatives at noon on the 3d day of January, and the
terms of the President and Vice President shall end at noon on the 20th 1. The
territory subject to or the exportation thereof from the United States and all
Territory or other Property belonging to the United Regulations respecting the
Territory, or possession 2. The transportation or importation into any State,
Test shall ever be Affirmation, to support this Constitution; but no religious
Testimony of two Witnesses to the shall be convicted of Treason unless on the
than the least populous State; they shall be in a State, but in no event more
than once. But this shall be elected to the office of the President more
than two years of a term to which some other person was elected President more
than twice, 1. No person shall be elected to the office of the President more
than jury, shall be otherwise re-examined in any Court of the United States,
than one who have such Majority, and Electors appointed; and if there be more
than two Years; for a longer Term
than that the other, adjourn for more than three days, nor to any other Place
than three days, nor to any other Place than that the other, adjourn for more
than to removal from Judgment in Cases of Impeachment shall not extend further
that the President is unable to discharge the two thirds vote of both Houses
that Congress shall decide the issue, assembling within forty eight hours for
that the Speaker of the House of Representatives their written declaration
that no inability exists, he shall resume the powers and duties of his office
that the President is the House of Representatives their written declaration
that he and the Speaker of the House of Representatives his written declaration
That the legislature of any State may empower the vacancies: Provided,
that of Vice-President of the United States.
that no State, fourth Clauses in the Ninth Section of the first Article; and
that no Amendment which may be made prior to the Year One Congress; Provided
that the Laws be faithfully executed, and shall Commission all shall take Care
that may happen during The President shall have Power to fill up all Vacancies
that I will faithfully execute the Office of "I do solemnly swear (or affirm)
that Period any other shall have been elected, and he shall not receive within
that Office who shall not of President; neither shall any Person be eligible to
that Use shall be To raise and support Armies, but no Appropriation of Money to
that House, it shall likewise be reconsidered, and if approved by two thirds of
that House shall agree to pass the Bill, it such Reconsideration two thirds of
that House in which it shall have originated, who shall enter the Objections to
that the other, adjourn for more than three days, nor to any other Place than
that Purpose, they shall be on Oath or Affirmation. When the President of the
that State for which he shall be chosen. when elected, be an Inhabitant of
that one third may be third Class at the Expiration of the sixth Year, so
that State in which he shall be shall not, when elected, be an Inhabitant of
the Senators and No law, varying the compensation for the services of
the services of the Senators and No law, varying the compensation for
the compensation for the services of the Senators and No law, varying
The Congress shall have power to enforce this article by appropriate 2.
the United States or by any older, to vote shall not be denied or abridged by
the United States, who are eighteen years of age or 1. The right of citizens of
The right of citizens of the United States, who are eighteen years of age or 1.
the powers the same as Acting President; otherwise, the President shall resume
the President shall resume the powers the same as Acting President; otherwise,
the same as Acting President; otherwise, the President shall resume the powers
the Vice President shall continue to discharge powers and duties of his office,
the two thirds vote of both Houses that the President is unable to discharge
the President is unable to discharge the two thirds vote of both Houses that
the latter written declaration, or, if Congress is not in session, receipt of
the Congress, within twenty one days after purpose if not in session. If
the issue, assembling within forty eight hours for that Congress shall decide
the powers and duties of his office. Thereupon President is unable to discharge
the Speaker of the House of Representatives their written declaration that
the House of Representatives their written declaration that the Speaker of
the transmit within four days to the President pro tempore of the Senate and
the Senate and the transmit within four days to the President pro tempore of
the President pro tempore of the Senate and the transmit within four days to
the executive department or of such other body as Congress may by law provide,
the principal officers of unless the Vice President and a majority of either
the Vice President and a majority of either the principal officers of unless
the powers and duties of his office that no inability exists, he shall resume
the House of Representatives his written declaration Senate and the Speaker of
the Speaker of the House of Representatives his written declaration Senate and
the Thereafter, when the President transmits to the President pro tempore of
the President pro tempore of the Thereafter, when the President transmits to
the President transmits to the President pro tempore of the Thereafter, when
the office as Acting shall immediately assume the powers and duties of
the powers and duties of the office as Acting shall immediately assume
the Vice President unable to discharge the powers and duties of his office,
the powers and duties of his office, the Vice President unable to discharge
the President is the House of Representatives their written declaration that
the House of Representatives their written declaration that the President is
the Speaker of provide, transmit to the President pro tempore of the Senate and
the Senate and the Speaker of provide, transmit to the President pro tempore of
the President pro tempore of the Senate and the Speaker of provide, transmit to
the executive departments or of such other body as Congress may by law of
the principal officers 4. Whenever the Vice President and a majority of either
the Vice President and a majority of either the principal officers 4. Whenever
the Vice President as Acting President. shall be discharged by
the contrary, such powers and duties transmits to them a written declaration to
the powers and duties of his office, and until he is unable to discharge
the House of Representatives his written declaration that he and the Speaker of
the Speaker of the House of Representatives his written declaration that he and
the Senate 3. Whenever the President transmits to the President pro tempore of
the President pro tempore of the Senate 3. Whenever the President transmits to
the President transmits to the President pro tempore of the Senate 3. Whenever
the 2. Whenever there is a vacancy in the office of the Vice President,
the Vice President, the 2. Whenever there is a vacancy in the office of
the office of the Vice President, the 2. Whenever there is a vacancy in
the Vice President shall become President. resignation,
the President from office or of his death or 1. In case of the removal of
the removal of the President from office or of his death or 1. In case of
The Congress shall have power to enforce this article by appropriate 2.
the United States or any State by reason of failure to denied or abridged by
the United States to vote in any primary or other 1. The right of citizens of
The right of citizens of the United States to vote in any primary or other 1.
The Congress shall have power to enforce this article by appropriate 2.
the twelfth article of amendment. duties as provided by
the District and perform such appointed by a State; and they shall meet in
the election of President and Vice President, to be electors the purposes of
the purposes of the election of President and Vice President, to be electors
the States, but they shall be considered, for addition to those appointed by
the least populous State; they shall be in a State, but in no event more than
the District would be entitled if it were Representatives in Congress to which
the whole number of Senators and President and Vice President equal to
the Congress may direct: A number of electors of appoint in such manner as
the United States shall 1. The District constituting the seat of Government of
the seat of Government of the United States shall 1. The District constituting
The District constituting the seat of Government of the United States shall 1.
the Congress. by
the States several States within seven years from the date of its submission to
the date of its submission to the States several States within seven years from
the amendment to the Constitution by the legislatures of three-fourths of
the legislatures of three-fourths of the amendment to the Constitution by
the Constitution by the legislatures of three-fourths of the amendment to
the remainder of such term. President or acting as President during
the office of within which this Article becomes operative from holding
the term be holding the office of President, or acting as President, during
the office of President, or acting as President, during the term be holding
the Congress, and shall not prevent any person who may Article was proposed by
the office of President, when this Article shall not apply to any person holding
the President more than once. But this shall be elected to the office of
the office of the President more than once. But this shall be elected to
the office of President, or acted as President, for and no person who has held
the President more than twice, 1. No person shall be elected to the office of
the office of the President more than twice, 1. No person shall be elected to
the Congress. to the States by
the States by the Congress. to
the submission hereof in the Constitution, within seven years from the date of
the date of the submission hereof in the Constitution, within seven years from
the Constitution, within seven years from the date of the submission hereof in
the several States, as provided amendment to the Constitution by conventions in
the Constitution by conventions in the several States, as provided amendment to
The article shall be inoperative unless it shall have been ratified as an 3.
the laws thereof, is hereby prohibited. violation of
the United States for delivery or use therein of intoxicating liquors, in of
The transportation or importation into any State, Territory, or possession 2.
the United States 1. The eighteenth article of amendment to the Constitution of
the Constitution of the United States 1. The eighteenth article of amendment to
The eighteenth article of amendment to the Constitution of the United States 1.
the date of its submission. several States within seven years from
the amendment to the Constitution by the legislatures of three-fourths of
the legislatures of three-fourths of the amendment to the Constitution by
the Constitution by the legislatures of three-fourths of the amendment to
the 5. Sections 1 and 2 shall take effect on the 15th day of October following
the 15th day of October following the 5. Sections 1 and 2 shall take effect on
the right of choice shall have devolved upon them. whenever
the Senate may choose a Vice President death of any of the persons from whom
the persons from whom the Senate may choose a Vice President death of any of
the the right of choice shall have devolved upon them, and for the case of
the case of the the right of choice shall have devolved upon them, and for
the right of choice shall have devolved upon them, and for the case of the
the House of Representatives may choose a President whenever persons from whom
the 4. The Congress may by law provide for the case of the death of any of
the death of any of the 4. The Congress may by law provide for the case of
the case of the death of any of the 4. The Congress may by law provide for
The Congress may by law provide for the case of the death of any of the 4.
the manner in which one who is to declaring who shall then act as President, or
the case wherein shall have qualified; and the Congress may by law provide for
the Congress may by law provide for the case wherein shall have qualified; and
the Vice President elect shall act as President until a President qualify, then
the President elect shall have failed to the beginning of his term, or if
the beginning of his term, or if the President elect shall have failed to
the time fixed for President. If a President shall not have been chosen before
the Vice President elect shall become President elect shall have died,
the 3. If, at the time fixed for the beginning of the term of the President,
the President, the 3. If, at the time fixed for the beginning of the term of
the term of the President, the 3. If, at the time fixed for the beginning of
the beginning of the term of the President, the 3. If, at the time fixed for
the time fixed for the beginning of the term of the President, the 3. If, at
the 3d day of January, unless they shall by law appoint shall begin at noon on
The Congress shall assemble at least once in every year, and such meeting 2.
the terms of their successors shall then article had not been ratified; and
the years in which such terms would have ended if this day of January, of
the 3d day of January, and the terms of Senators and Representatives at noon on
the terms of Senators and Representatives at noon on the 3d day of January, and
the 20th 1. The terms of the President and Vice President shall end at noon on
the President and Vice President shall end at noon on the 20th 1. The terms of
The terms of the President and Vice President shall end at noon on the 20th 1.
the United States or by any State on account of sex. abridged by
the United States to vote shall not be denied or The right of citizens of
The right of citizens of the United States to vote shall not be denied or
the Congress. submission hereof to the States by
the States by the Congress. submission hereof to
the provided in the Constitution, within seven years from the date of
the date of the provided in the Constitution, within seven years from
the Constitution, within seven years from the date of the provided in
the several States, as amendment to the Constitution by the legislatures of
the legislatures of the several States, as amendment to the Constitution by
the Constitution by the legislatures of the several States, as amendment to
the several States shall have concurrent power to enforce 2. The Congress and
The Congress and the several States shall have concurrent power to enforce 2.
the jurisdiction thereof for beverage purposes is hereby prohibited.
the United States and all territory subject to or the exportation thereof from
the exportation thereof from the United States and all territory subject to or
the importation thereof into, or transportation of intoxicating liquors within,
the manufacture, sale, 1. After one year from the ratification of this article
the ratification of this article the manufacture, sale, 1. After one year from
the Constitution. any Senator chosen before it becomes valid as part of
the election or term of This amendment shall not be so construed as to affect
the legislature may direct. vacancies by election as
the executive thereof to make temporary appointments until the people fill
the people fill the executive thereof to make temporary appointments until
the vacancies: Provided, That the legislature of any State may empower
the legislature of any State may empower the vacancies: Provided, That
the When vacancies happen in the representation of any State in the Senate,
the Senate, the When vacancies happen in the representation of any State in
the representation of any State in the Senate, the When vacancies happen in
the State legislatures. requisite for electors of the most numerous branch of
the most numerous branch of the State legislatures. requisite for electors of
the qualifications have one vote. The electors in each State shall have
The electors in each State shall have the qualifications have one vote.
the people thereof, for six years; and each Senator shall State, elected by
the United States shall be composed of two Senators from each The Senate of
The Senate of the United States shall be composed of two Senators from each
the several States, and whatever source derived, without apportionment among
The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes on incomes, from
The Congress shall have power to enforce this article by appropriate 2.
the United States or by any State on account of race, color, or abridged by
the United States to vote shall not be denied or 1. The right of citizens of
The right of citizens of the United States to vote shall not be denied or 1.
the 5. The Congress shall have power to enforce, by appropriate legislation,
The Congress shall have power to enforce, by appropriate legislation, the 5.
the loss or emancipation of any slave; but all such debts, obligations and
the United States, or any claim for in aid of insurrection or rebellion against
the suppressing insurrection or rebellion, shall not be questioned. But neither
the United States, authorized by law, 4. The validity of the public debt of
the public debt of the United States, authorized by law, 4. The validity of
The validity of the public debt of the United States, authorized by law, 4.
the insurrection or rebellion against the same, or given aid or comfort to
the same, or given aid or comfort to the insurrection or rebellion against
the United States, shall have engaged in support the Constitution of
the Constitution of the United States, shall have engaged in support
the United States, or as a member of member of Congress, or as an officer of
the President and Vice-President, or hold any office, civil or military, under
the whole proportion which the number of such male citizens shall bear to
the number of such male citizens shall bear to the whole proportion which
the or other crime, the basis of representation therein shall be reduced in
the basis of representation therein shall be reduced in the or other crime,
the inhabitants of such State, being twenty-one years of age, and citizens of
the male the members of the Legislature thereof, is denied to any of
the Legislature thereof, is denied to any of the male the members of
the members of the Legislature thereof, is denied to any of the male
the Executive and Judicial officers of a State, or Representatives in Congress,
the United States, choice of electors for President and Vice-President of
the excluding Indians not taxed. But when the right to vote at any election for
the right to vote at any election for the excluding Indians not taxed. But when
the whole number of persons in each State, their respective numbers, counting
the several States according to 2. Representatives shall be apportioned among
the law; nor deny to any person within its jurisdiction the equal protection of
the equal protection of the law; nor deny to any person within its jurisdiction
the United States; nor shall any the privileges or immunities of citizens of
the privileges or immunities of citizens of the United States; nor shall any
the State jurisdiction thereof, are citizens of the United States and of
the United States and of the State jurisdiction thereof, are citizens of
the 1. All persons born or naturalized in the United States, and subject to
the United States, and subject to the 1. All persons born or naturalized in
the United whereof the party shall have been duly convicted, shall exist within
the party shall have been duly convicted, shall exist within the United whereof
the United States. that of Vice-President of
the office of President shall be eligible to constitutionally ineligible to
the whole number shall be necessary to a choice. But no person majority of
the whole number of Senators, and a purpose shall consist of two-thirds of
the on the list, the Senate shall choose the Vice-President; a quorum for
the Vice-President; a quorum for the on the list, the Senate shall choose
the Senate shall choose the Vice-President; a quorum for the on the list,
the list, the Senate shall choose the Vice-President; a quorum for the on
the two highest numbers appointed, and if no person have a majority, then from
the whole number of Electors Vice-President, if such number be a majority of
the The person having the greatest number of votes as Vice-President, shall be
the greatest number of votes as Vice-President, shall be the The person having
The person having the greatest number of votes as Vice-President, shall be the
the President. constitutional disability of
the death or other the Vice-President shall act as President, as in the case of
the case of the death or other the Vice-President shall act as President, as in
the Vice-President shall act as President, as in the case of the death or other
the fourth day of March next following, then shall devolve upon them, before
the right of choice of Representatives shall not choose a President whenever
the House a majority of all the states shall be necessary to a choice. And if
the states shall be necessary to a choice. And if the House a majority of all
the states, and purpose shall consist of a member or members from two-thirds of
the representation from each state having one vote; a quorum for this states,
the votes shall be taken by the President. But in choosing the President,
the President, the votes shall be taken by the President. But in choosing
the President. But in choosing the President, the votes shall be taken by
the House of Representatives shall choose immediately, by ballot, President,
the list of those voted for as the highest numbers not exceeding three on
the highest numbers not exceeding three on the list of those voted for as
the persons having appointed; and if no person have such majority, then from
the whole number of Electors President, if such number be a majority of
the The person having the greatest Number of votes for President, shall be
the greatest Number of votes for President, shall be the The person having
The person having the greatest Number of votes for President, shall be the
the votes shall then be counted; Representatives, open all the certificates and
the certificates and the votes shall then be counted; Representatives, open all
the Senate and House of The President of the Senate shall, in the presence of
the presence of the Senate and House of The President of the Senate shall, in
the Senate shall, in the presence of the Senate and House of The President of
The President of the Senate shall, in the presence of the Senate and House of
the Senate;
the President of the seat of the government of the United States, directed to
the United States, directed to the President of the seat of the government of
the government of the United States, directed to the President of the seat of
the seat of the government of the United States, directed to the President of
the number of President, and of all persons voted for as Vice-President and of
the person voted for as voted for as President, and in distinct ballots
the person of the same state with themselves; they shall name in their ballots
the same state with themselves; they shall name in their ballots the person of
The Electors shall meet in their respective states, and vote by ballot for
the United States suit in law or equity, commenced or prosecuted against one of
the United States shall not be construed to extend to any The Judicial power of
The Judicial power of the United States shall not be construed to extend to any
the people.
the States respectively, or to prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to
the States, are reserved to the States respectively, or to prohibited by it to
the Constitution, nor The powers not delegated to the United States by
the United States by the Constitution, nor The powers not delegated to
The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution, nor
the people. to deny or disparage others retained by
the Constitution, of certain rights, shall not be construed The enumeration in
The enumeration in the Constitution, of certain rights, shall not be construed
the common law. according to the rules of
the rules of the common law. according to
the United States, than jury, shall be otherwise re-examined in any Court of
the right of trial by jury shall be preserved, and no fact tried by a dollars,
the value in controversy shall exceed twenty In Suits at common law, where
the Assistance of process for obtaining witnesses in his favor, and to have
the witnesses against him; to have compulsory accusation; to be confronted with
the ascertained by law, and to be informed of the nature and cause of
the nature and cause of the ascertained by law, and to be informed of
the crime public trial, by an impartial jury of the State and district wherein
the State and district wherein the crime public trial, by an impartial jury of
the right to a speedy and In all criminal prosecutions, the accused shall enjoy
the accused shall enjoy the right to a speedy and In all criminal prosecutions,
the same offense of War or public danger; nor shall any person be subject for
the Militia, when in actual service in time in the land or naval forces, or in
the land or naval forces, or in the Militia, when in actual service in time in
the affirmation, and particularly describing the place to be searched, and
the place to be searched, and the affirmation, and particularly describing
the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and The right of
The right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and
the Owner, nor in time of war, but in a manner to be prescribed by consent of
the No Soldier shall, in time of peace be quartered in any house, without
the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed. right of
the A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State,
the security of a free State, the A well regulated Militia, being necessary to
the Government for a redress of grievances.
the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition of the press; or the right of
the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition of the press; or
the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition of
the freedom of speech, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging
the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or prohibiting
the and Eighty seven and of the Independence of the United States of America
the United States of America the and Eighty seven and of the Independence of
the Independence of the United States of America the and Eighty seven and of
the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred Seventeenth Day of September in
the Done in Convention by the Unanimous Consent of the States present
the States present the Done in Convention by the Unanimous Consent of
the Unanimous Consent of the States present the Done in Convention by
the Same. Establishment of this Constitution between the States so ratifying
the States so ratifying the Same. Establishment of this Constitution between
the The Ratification of the Conventions of nine States, shall be sufficient for
the Conventions of nine States, shall be sufficient for the The Ratification of
The Ratification of the Conventions of nine States, shall be sufficient for the
the United required as a Qualification to any Office or public Trust under
the several States, shall be bound by Oath or the United States and of
the United States and of the several States, shall be bound by Oath or
the The Senators and Representatives before mentioned, and the Members of
the Members of the The Senators and Representatives before mentioned, and
The Senators and Representatives before mentioned, and the Members of the
the Contrary notwithstanding. Laws of any State to
the Constitution or Judges in every State shall be bound thereby, any Thing in
the Authority of the United States, shall be the supreme Law of the Land; and
the Land; and the Authority of the United States, shall be the supreme Law of
the supreme Law of the Land; and the Authority of the United States, shall be
the United States, shall be the supreme Law of the Land; and the Authority of
the Pursuance thereof; and all Treaties made, or which shall be made, under
the United States which shall be made in This Constitution, and the Laws of
the Laws of the United States which shall be made in This Constitution, and
the Confederation. Constitution, as under
the United States under this Constitution, shall be as valid against
the Adoption of this All Debts contracted and Engagements entered into, before
the Senate. without its Consent, shall be deprived of its equal Suffrage in
the first Article; and that no State, fourth Clauses in the Ninth Section of
the Ninth Section of the first Article; and that no State, fourth Clauses in
the first and thousand eight hundred and eight shall in any Manner affect
the Year One Congress; Provided that no Amendment which may be made prior to
the thereof, as the one or the other Mode of Ratification may be proposed by
the other Mode of Ratification may be proposed by the thereof, as the one or
the one or the other Mode of Ratification may be proposed by the thereof, as
the several States, or by Conventions in three fourths three fourths of
the Legislatures of Purposes, as part of this Constitution, when ratified by
the several States, shall call a Convention for Legislatures of two thirds of
the propose Amendments to this Constitution, or, on the Application of
the Application of the propose Amendments to this Constitution, or, on
The Congress, whenever two thirds of both Houses shall deem it necessary, shall
the Legislature Application of the Legislature, or of the Executive (when
the Executive (when the Legislature Application of the Legislature, or of
the Legislature, or of the Executive (when the Legislature Application of
The United States shall guarantee to every State in this Union a Republican
the United States, or of any particular State. any Claims of
the United Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to
the Territory or other Property belonging to the United Regulations respecting
The Congress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and
the Congress.
the States concerned as well as of without the Consent of the Legislatures of
the Legislatures of the States concerned as well as of without the Consent of
the Consent of the Legislatures of the States concerned as well as of without
the Junction of two or more States, or parts of States, State be formed by
the Jurisdiction of any other State; nor any shall be formed or erected within
the Congress into this Union; but no new States New States may be admitted by
the Party to whom such Service or Labour may be due. of
the Laws thereof, No Person held to Service or Labour in one State, under
the Crime. removed to the State having Jurisdiction of
the State having Jurisdiction of the Crime. removed to
the State from which he fled, be delivered up, to be executive Authority of
the flee from Justice, and be found in another State, shall on demand of
the several States. of Citizens in
The Citizens of each State shall be entitled to all Privileges and Immunities
the Effect thereof. proved, and
the Manner in which such Acts, Records and Proceedings shall be Laws prescribe
the Congress may by general and judicial Proceedings of every other State. And
the public Acts, Records, Full Faith and Credit shall be given in each State to
the Person attainted. during the Life of
the Life of the Person attainted. during
the Punishment of Treason, but no The Congress shall have power to declare
The Congress shall have power to declare the Punishment of Treason, but no
the shall be convicted of Treason unless on the Testimony of two Witnesses to
the Testimony of two Witnesses to the shall be convicted of Treason unless on
the United States, shall consist only in levying War against Treason against
the Congress may by Law have directed. Place or Places as
the Trial shall be at such committed; but when not committed within any State,
the said Crimes shall have been such Trial shall be held in the State where
the State where the said Crimes shall have been such Trial shall be held in
The Trial of all Crimes, except in Cases of Impeachment, shall be by Jury; and
the Congress shall make. under such Regulations as
the supreme Court shall Jurisdiction. In all the other Cases before mentioned,
the other Cases before mentioned, the supreme Court shall Jurisdiction. In all
the supreme Court shall have original those in which a State shall be Party,
the Citizens thereof, and foreign States, Citizens or Subjects. State, or
the another State; between Citizens of different States; between Citizens of
the United States shall be a Party; to Jurisdiction; to Controversies to which
the United States, and Treaties made, or which this Constitution, the Laws of
the Laws of the United States, and Treaties made, or which this Constitution,
The judicial Power shall extend to all Cases, in Law and Equity, arising under
the supreme and inferior Courts, shall hold establish. The Judges, both of
The Judges, both of the supreme and inferior Courts, shall hold establish.
the Congress may from time to time ordain and and in such inferior Courts as
the United States, shall be vested in one supreme Court, The judicial Power of
The judicial Power of the United States, shall be vested in one supreme Court,
the United States, The President, Vice President and all civil Officers of
The President, Vice President and all civil Officers of the United States,
the United States. the Officers of
the Officers of the United States.
the Laws be faithfully executed, and shall Commission all shall take Care that
the Time of Adjournment, he may adjourn them to such Time as he Respect to
the He shall from time to time give to the Congress Information of the State of
the State of the He shall from time to time give to the Congress Information of
the Congress Information of the State of the He shall from time to time give to
the End the Recess of the Senate, by granting Commissions which shall expire at
the Senate, by granting Commissions which shall expire at the End the Recess of
the Recess of the Senate, by granting Commissions which shall expire at the End
The President shall have Power to fill up all Vacancies that may happen during
the Heads of proper, in the President alone, in the Courts of Law, or in
the Courts of Law, or in the Heads of proper, in the President alone, in
the President alone, in the Courts of Law, or in the Heads of proper, in
the Appointment of such inferior Officers, as they think may by Law vest
the Congress otherwise provided for, and which shall be established by Law: but
the United States, whose Appointments are not herein and all other Officers of
the supreme Court, Ambassadors, other public Ministers and Consuls, Judges of
the Senate, shall appoint nominate, and by and with the Advice and Consent of
the Advice and Consent of the Senate, shall appoint nominate, and by and with
the Senators present concur; and he shall Treaties, provided two thirds of
the Senate, to make He shall have Power, by and with the Advice and Consent of
the Advice and Consent of the Senate, to make He shall have Power, by and with
the United States, except in Grant Reprieves and Pardons for Offenses against
the Duties of their respective Offices, and he shall have Power to relating to
the executive Departments, upon any subject principal Officer in each of
the Service of the United States; he may require the Opinion, in writing, of
the Opinion, in writing, of the Service of the United States; he may require
the United States; he may require the Opinion, in writing, of the Service of
the actual States, and of the Militia of the several States, when called into
the several States, when called into the actual States, and of the Militia of
the Militia of the several States, when called into the actual States, and of
the United The President shall be Commander in Chief of the Army and Navy of
the Army and Navy of the United The President shall be Commander in Chief of
The President shall be Commander in Chief of the Army and Navy of the United
the United States." protect and defend the Constitution of
the Constitution of the United States." protect and defend
the best of my Ability, preserve, President of the United States, and will to
the United States, and will to the best of my Ability, preserve, President of
the Office of "I do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I will faithfully execute
the following Before he enter on the Execution of his Office, he shall take
the Execution of his Office, he shall take the following Before he enter on
the United States, or any of them. Emolument from
the Period for which he which shall neither be increased nor diminished during
The President shall, at stated Times, receive for his Services, a Compensation,
the Disability be President, and such Officer shall act accordingly, until
the President and Vice President, declaring what Officer shall then act as
the Case of Removal, Death, Resignation or Inability, both of Law provide for
the Congress may by Office, the same shall devolve on the Vice President, and
the Vice President, and the Congress may by Office, the same shall devolve on
the same shall devolve on the Vice President, and the Congress may by Office,
the said Resignation, or Inability to discharge the Powers and Duties of
the Powers and Duties of the said Resignation, or Inability to discharge
the President from Office, or of his Death, In Case of the Removal of
the Removal of the President from Office, or of his Death, In Case of
the United States. Resident within
the Age of thirty-five Years, and been fourteen Years a have attained to
the Office the time of the Adoption of this Constitution, shall be eligible to
the Adoption of this Constitution, shall be eligible to the Office the time of
the time of the Adoption of this Constitution, shall be eligible to the Office
the United States, at No person except a natural born Citizen, or a Citizen of
the which they shall give their Votes; which Day shall be the same throughout
the same throughout the which they shall give their Votes; which Day shall be
the Day on The Congress may determine the Time of choosing the Electors, and
the Electors, and the Day on The Congress may determine the Time of choosing
the Time of choosing the Electors, and the Day on The Congress may determine
The Congress may determine the Time of choosing the Electors, and the Day on
the Vice-President. them by Ballot
the Senate shall choose from should remain two or more who have equal Votes,
the Vice President. But if there Number of Votes of the Electors shall be
the Electors shall be the Vice President. But if there Number of Votes of
the greatest every Case, after the Choice of the President, the Person having
the Person having the greatest every Case, after the Choice of the President,
the President, the Person having the greatest every Case, after the Choice of
the Choice of the President, the Person having the greatest every Case, after
the States shall be necessary to a Choice. In States, and a Majority of all
the for this Purpose shall consist of a Member or Members from two-thirds of
the Representation from each State having one Vote; a quorum taken by States,
the Votes shall be Manner choose the President. But in choosing the President,
the President, the Votes shall be Manner choose the President. But in choosing
the President. But in choosing the President, the Votes shall be Manner choose
the said House shall in like Majority, then from the five highest on the List
the List the said House shall in like Majority, then from the five highest on
the five highest on the List the said House shall in like Majority, then from
the House of Representatives shall have an equal Number of Votes, then
the whole Number of shall be the President, if such Number be a Majority of
the President, if such Number be a Majority of the whole Number of shall be
the greatest Number of Votes Votes shall then be counted. The Person having
The Person having the greatest Number of Votes Votes shall then be counted.
the of the Senate and House of Representatives, open all the Certificates, and
the Certificates, and the of the Senate and House of Representatives, open all
the Senate and House of Representatives, open all the Certificates, and the of
the Presence the President of the Senate. The President of the Senate shall, in
the Senate shall, in the Presence the President of the Senate. The President of
The President of the Senate shall, in the Presence the President of the Senate.
the Senate. The President of the Senate shall, in the Presence the President of
the President of the Senate. The President of the Senate shall, in the Presence
the United States, directed to transmit sealed to the Seat of the Government of
the Government of the United States, directed to transmit sealed to the Seat of
the Seat of the Government of the United States, directed to transmit sealed to
the Number of Votes for each; which List they shall sign and certify, and of
the Persons voted for, and with themselves. And they shall make a List of all
the same State persons, of whom one at least shall not lie an Inhabitant of
The Electors shall meet in their respective States, and vote by Ballot for two
the United Representative, or Person holding an Office of Trust or Profit under
the Congress: but no Senator or to which the State may be entitled in
the State may be entitled in the Congress: but no Senator or to which
the whole Number of Senators and Representatives a Number of Electors, equal to
the Legislature thereof may direct, Each State shall appoint, in such Manner as
the same Term, be elected, as follows: with the Vice-President chosen for
the Vice-President chosen for the same Term, be elected, as follows: with
the Term of four Years, and, together America. He shall hold his Office during
the United States of The executive Power shall be vested in a President of
The executive Power shall be vested in a President of the United States of
the Consent of Congress, lay any duty of Tonnage, keep No State shall, without
the Congress. of
the Revision and Control United States; and all such Laws shall be subject to
the any State on Imports or Exports, shall be for the Use of the Treasury of
the Treasury of the any State on Imports or Exports, shall be for the Use of
the Use of the Treasury of the any State on Imports or Exports, shall be for
the net Produce of all Duties and Imposts, laid by its inspection Laws: and
the Congress, lay any Imposts or Duties No State shall, without the Consent of
the Consent of the Congress, lay any Imposts or Duties No State shall, without
the Obligation of Contracts, or grant any ex post facto Law, or Law impairing
the Congress, accept of any present, Emolument, Office, or Title, of any kind
the Consent of holding any Office of Profit or Trust under them, shall, without
the United States: And no Person No Title of Nobility shall be granted by
the Receipts and made by Law; and a regular Statement and Account of
the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations No Money shall be drawn from
the No Preference shall be given by any Regulation of Commerce or Revenue to
the No capitation, or other direct, Tax shall be laid, unless in Proportion to
the public Safety may require it. in Cases of Rebellion or Invasion
the Writ of Habeas Corpus shall not be suspended, unless when The privilege of
The privilege of the Writ of Habeas Corpus shall not be suspended, unless when
the Year one thousand eight hundred and eight, but a tax or duty may be imposed
the Congress prior to shall think proper to admit, shall not be prohibited by
the States now existing The Migration or Importation of such Persons as any of
The Migration or Importation of such Persons as any of the States now existing
the United States, or in any Department or Constitution in the Government of
the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Constitution in
the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Execution
the Erection of of the Legislature of the State in which the Same shall be, for
the Same shall be, for the Erection of of the Legislature of the State in which
the State in which the Same shall be, for the Erection of of the Legislature of
the Legislature of the State in which the Same shall be, for the Erection of of
the Consent States, and to exercise like Authority over all Places purchased by
the United the acceptance of Congress, become the Seat of the Government of
the Government of the United the acceptance of Congress, become the Seat of
the Seat of the Government of the United the acceptance of Congress, become
the acceptance of Congress, become the Seat of the Government of the United
the discipline and the Authority of training the Militia according to
the Militia according to the discipline and the Authority of training
the Authority of training the Militia according to the discipline and
the Officers, States, reserving to the States respectively, the Appointment of
the Appointment of the Officers, States, reserving to the States respectively,
the States respectively, the Appointment of the Officers, States, reserving to
the United governing such Part of them as may be employed in the Service of
the Service of the United governing such Part of them as may be employed in
the Militia, and for To provide for organizing, arming, and disciplining,
the Union, To provide for calling forth the Militia to execute the Laws of
the Laws of the Union, To provide for calling forth the Militia to execute
the Militia to execute the Laws of the Union, To provide for calling forth
the land and naval Forces; To make Rules for the Government and Regulation of
the Government and Regulation of the land and naval Forces; To make Rules for
the Law of Nations; Offenses against
the high Seas, and To define and punish Piracies and Felonies committed on
the supreme Court; To constitute Tribunals inferior to
the exclusive Right to their respective Writings Times to Authors and Inventors
the Progress of Science and useful Arts, by securing for limited To promote
the United States; of
the Securities and current Coin To provide for the Punishment of counterfeiting
the Punishment of counterfeiting the Securities and current Coin To provide for
the To coin Money, regulate the Value thereof, and of foreign Coin, and fix
the Value thereof, and of foreign Coin, and fix the To coin Money, regulate
the United States; of Bankruptcies throughout
the subject To establish an uniform Rule of Naturalization, and uniform Laws on
the Indian Tribes; with
the several States, and To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among
the United States; To borrow money on the credit of
the credit of the United States; To borrow money on
the United States; uniform throughout
the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be Welfare of
the common Defence and general Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for
the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Excises, to pay
The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and
the Case of a Bill. to the Rules and Limitations prescribed in
the Rules and Limitations prescribed in the Case of a Bill. to
the Senate and House of Representatives, according be repassed by two thirds of
the Same shall be presented to the President of the United States; and before
the United States; and before the Same shall be presented to the President of
the President of the United States; and before the Same shall be presented to
the Senate and Every Order, Resolution, or Vote to which the Concurrence of
the Concurrence of the Senate and Every Order, Resolution, or Vote to which
the Congress by their Adjournment in like Manner as if he had signed it, unless
the Same shall be a Law, excepted) after it shall have been presented to him,
the President within ten Days (Sundays any Bill shall not be returned by
the Journal of each House respectively. If against the Bill shall be entered on
the Bill shall be entered on the Journal of each House respectively. If against
the Persons voting for and determined by Yeas and Nays, and the Names of
the Names of the Persons voting for and determined by Yeas and Nays, and
the Votes of both Houses shall be shall become a Law. But in all such Cases
the other House, by which it shall be sent, together with the Objections, to
the Objections, to the other House, by which it shall be sent, together with
the Bill, it such Reconsideration two thirds of that House shall agree to pass
the Objections to that House in which it shall have originated, who shall enter
the United shall, before it become a Law, be presented to the President of
the President of the United shall, before it become a Law, be presented to
the Senate, Every Bill which shall have passed the House of Representatives and
the House of Representatives and the Senate, Every Bill which shall have passed
the Senate may propose or concur with Amendments as on other Bills. but
the House of Representatives; All bills for raising Revenue shall originate in
the United States, during such time; and no Person holding any Office under
the Emoluments whereof shall have been increased shall have been created, or
the United States which be appointed to any civil Office under the Authority of
the Authority of the United States which be appointed to any civil Office under
the Time for which he was elected, No Senator or Representative shall, during
the same; and for their respective Houses, and in going to and returning from
the Session of Peace, be privileged from Arrest during their Attendance at
the States. They shall in all Cases, except Treason, Felony and Breach of
the United Services, to be ascertained by Law, and paid out of the Treasury of
the Treasury of the United Services, to be ascertained by Law, and paid out of
The Senators and Representatives shall receive a Compensation for their
the two Houses shall be sitting. in which
the other, adjourn for more than three days, nor to any other Place than that
the Consent of Neither House, during the Session of Congress, shall, without
the Session of Congress, shall, without the Consent of Neither House, during
the Journal. shall, at the Desire of one fifth of those Present, be entered on
the Desire of one fifth of those Present, be entered on the Journal. shall, at
the Members of either House on any question Secrecy; and the Yeas and Nays of
the Yeas and Nays of the Members of either House on any question Secrecy; and
the same, excepting such Parts as may in their Judgment require publish
the Concurrence of two-thirds, expel a Member. disorderly Behavior, and, with
the Rules of its Proceedings, punish its Members for Each House may determine
the Attendance of absent Members, in such Manner, and authorized to compel
the Elections, Returns and Qualifications of Each House shall be the Judge of
the Judge of the Elections, Returns and Qualifications of Each House shall be
the first Monday in December, unless they shall by Law appoint a be on
The Congress shall assemble at least once in every Year, and such Meeting shall
the Place of Choosing Senators. as to
the Congress may at any time by Law make or alter such Regulations, except but
the Legislature thereof; Representatives, shall be prescribed in each State by
The Times, Places and Manner of holding Elections for Senators and
the Party convicted shall nevertheless be Profit under the United States: but
the United States: but the Party convicted shall nevertheless be Profit under
the Members present. convicted without the Concurrence of two thirds of
the Concurrence of two thirds of the Members present. convicted without
the Chief Justice shall preside: And no Person shall be United States is tried,
the that Purpose, they shall be on Oath or Affirmation. When the President of
the President of the that Purpose, they shall be on Oath or Affirmation. When
the sole Power to try all Impeachments. When sitting for The Senate shall have
The Senate shall have the sole Power to try all Impeachments. When sitting for
the United States. President of
the Office of in the absence of the Vice President, or when he shall exercise
the Vice President, or when he shall exercise the Office of in the absence of
the absence of the Vice President, or when he shall exercise the Office of in
The Senate shall choose their other Officers, and also a President pro tempore,
the Senate, but The Vice President of the United States shall be President of
the United States shall be President of the Senate, but The Vice President of
The Vice President of the United States shall be President of the Senate, but
the United States, and who shall not, Years, and been nine Years a Citizen of
the Age of thirty No person shall be a Senator who shall not have attained to
the Legislature, which make temporary Appointments until the next Meeting of
the next Meeting of the Legislature, which make temporary Appointments until
the Executive thereof may during the Recess of the Legislature of any State,
the Legislature of any State, the Executive thereof may during the Recess of
the Recess of the Legislature of any State, the Executive thereof may during
the sixth Year, so that one third may be third Class at the Expiration of
the Expiration of the sixth Year, so that one third may be third Class at
the Year, of the second Class at the Expiration of the fourth Year, and of
the fourth Year, and of the Year, of the second Class at the Expiration of
the Expiration of the fourth Year, and of the Year, of the second Class at
the second Class at the Expiration of the fourth Year, and of the Year, of
the second Senators of the first Class shall be vacated at the Expiration of
the Expiration of the second Senators of the first Class shall be vacated at
the first Class shall be vacated at the Expiration of the second Senators of
the they shall be divided as equally as may be into three Classes. The Seats of
The Seats of the they shall be divided as equally as may be into three Classes.
the first Election, Immediately after they shall be assembled in Consequence of
the Legislature thereof, for six Years; and each Senator shall State, chosen by
the United States shall be composed of two Senators from each The Senate of
The Senate of the United States shall be composed of two Senators from each
the sole Power of Impeachment. shall have
The House of Representatives shall choose their Speaker and other Officers; and
the Executive When vacancies happen in the Representation from any State,
the Representation from any State, the Executive When vacancies happen in
the State of New Hampshire shall be entitled to choose three, made,
The Number of Years, in such Manner as they shall by Law direct.
the United States, and within every subsequent Term of ten of the Congress of
the Congress of the United States, and within every subsequent Term of ten of
the first Meeting The actual Enumeration shall be made within three Years after
The actual Enumeration shall be made within three Years after the first Meeting
the whole Number of free Persons, which shall be determined by adding to
the several States Representatives and direct Taxes shall be apportioned among
the United States, and who twenty five Years, and been seven Years a Citizen of
the Age of No Person shall be a Representative who shall not have attained to
the State Legislature.
the most numerous Branch of have the Qualifications requisite for Electors of
the Qualifications requisite for Electors of the most numerous Branch of have
the Electors in each State shall Year by the People of the several States, and
the several States, and the Electors in each State shall Year by the People of
the People of the several States, and the Electors in each State shall Year by
The House of Representatives shall be composed of Members chosen every second
the All legislative Powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of
the ourselves and our Posterity, do ordain and establish this Constitution for
the Blessings of Liberty to defence, promote the general Welfare, and secure
the general Welfare, and secure the Blessings of Liberty to defence, promote
the common establish Justice, insure domestic Tranquility, provide for
the United States, in Order to form a more perfect Union, We the People of
the People of the United States, in Order to form a more perfect Union, We
their written declaration that the Speaker of the House of Representatives
their written declaration that the President is the House of Representatives
their successors shall then article had not been ratified; and the terms of
their respective numbers, counting the whole number of persons in each State,
their jurisdiction. States, or any place subject to
their ballots the person of the same state with themselves; they shall name in
their respective states, and vote by ballot for The Electors shall meet in
their persons, houses, papers, and The right of the people to be secure in
their Enemies, giving them Aid and Comfort. No Person them, or in adhering to
their Authority; to all Cases affecting Ambassadors, other shall be made, under
their their Services a Compensation which shall not be diminished during
their Services a Compensation which shall not be diminished during their
their Offices during good Behavior, and shall, at stated Times, receive for
their Consideration such Measures as he shall judge Union, and recommend to
their next Session. of
their respective Offices, and he shall have Power to relating to the Duties of
their Votes; which Day shall be the same throughout the which they shall give
their respective States, and vote by Ballot for two The Electors shall meet in
their respective Writings Times to Authors and Inventors the exclusive Right to
their Adjournment in like Manner as if he had signed it, unless the Congress by
their Journal, and proceed to reconsider it. If after Objections at large on
their respective Houses, and in going to and returning from the same; and for
their Attendance at the Session of Peace, be privileged from Arrest during
their The Senators and Representatives shall receive a Compensation for
their Judgment require publish the same, excepting such Parts as may in
their other Officers, and also a President pro tempore, The Senate shall choose
their Speaker and other Officers; and The House of Representatives shall choose
their respective Numbers, which may be included within this Union, according to
them a written declaration to the contrary, such powers and duties transmits to
them against Invasion; and on Form of Government, and shall protect each of
them Aid and Comfort. No Person them, or in adhering to their Enemies, giving
them to such Time as he Respect to the Time of Adjournment, he may adjourn
them by Ballot the Vice-President.
them for President; and if no Person have a immediately choose by Ballot one of
them as may be employed in the Service of the United governing such Part of
them, and for the case of the the right of choice shall have devolved upon
them, before the fourth day of March next following, then shall devolve upon
them, or in adhering to their Enemies, giving them Aid and Comfort. No Person
them, with Houses, or either of them, and in Case of Disagreement between
them, and in Case of Disagreement between them, with Houses, or either of
them, shall, without the Consent of holding any Office of Profit or Trust under
them. whenever the right of choice shall have devolved upon
them. Emolument from the United States, or any of
themselves. And they shall make a List of all the Persons voted for, and with
themselves; they shall name in their ballots the person of the same state with
then act as President, or the manner in which one who is to declaring who shall
then the Vice President elect shall act as President until a President qualify,
then article had not been ratified; and the terms of their successors shall
then from the two highest numbers appointed, and if no person have a majority,
then shall devolve upon them, before the fourth day of March next following,
then from the persons having appointed; and if no person have such majority,
then be counted; Representatives, open all the certificates and the votes shall
then act as the President and Vice President, declaring what Officer shall
then from the five highest on the List the said House shall in like Majority,
then the House of Representatives shall have an equal Number of Votes,
then be counted. The Person having the greatest Number of Votes Votes shall
then fill such Vacancies. shall
there is a vacancy in the office of the Vice President, the 2. Whenever
there Number of Votes of the Electors shall be the Vice President. But if
there be more than one who have such Majority, and Electors appointed; and if
Thereafter, when the President transmits to the President pro tempore of the
thereby, any Thing in the Constitution or Judges in every State shall be bound
therein of intoxicating liquors, in of the United States for delivery or use
therein shall be reduced in the or other crime, the basis of representation
therein, escaping into another, shall, in Consequence of any Law or Regulation
thereof for beverage purposes is hereby prohibited. the jurisdiction
thereof from the United States and all territory subject to or the exportation
thereof into, or transportation of intoxicating liquors within, the importation
thereof to make temporary appointments until the people fill the executive
thereof may direct, Each State shall appoint, in such Manner as the Legislature
thereof may during the Recess of the Legislature of any State, the Executive
thereof shall issue Writs of Election to fill such Vacancies. Authority
thereof, is hereby prohibited. violation of the laws
thereof, for six years; and each Senator shall State, elected by the people
thereof, is denied to any of the male the members of the Legislature
thereof, are citizens of the United States and of the State jurisdiction
thereof, as the one or the other Mode of Ratification may be proposed by the
thereof, No Person held to Service or Labour in one State, under the Laws
thereof, and foreign States, Citizens or Subjects. State, or the Citizens
thereof, and of foreign Coin, and fix the To coin Money, regulate the Value
thereof, for six Years; and each Senator shall State, chosen by the Legislature
thereof. But Congress may by a vote of two-thirds of each House, remove enemies
thereof. proved, and the Effect
thereof. Officer
thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or prohibiting the free exercise
thereof; and all Treaties made, or which shall be made, under the Pursuance
thereof; Representatives, shall be prescribed in each State by the Legislature
Thereupon President is unable to discharge the powers and duties of his office.
they shall meet in the District and perform such appointed by a State; and
they shall be considered, for addition to those appointed by the States, but
they shall be in a State, but in no event more than the least populous State;
they shall by law appoint shall begin at noon on the 3d day of January, unless
they reside. No State shall make or enforce any law which shall abridge wherein
they shall sign and certify, and transmit sealed to votes for each, which lists
they shall make distinct lists of all persons voted for as Vice-President, and
they shall name in their ballots the person of the same state with themselves;
they think may by Law vest the Appointment of such inferior Officers, as
they shall give their Votes; which Day shall be the same throughout the which
they shall sign and certify, and of the Number of Votes for each; which List
they shall make a List of all the Persons voted for, and with themselves. And
they shall not be questioned in any other any Speech or Debate in either House,
They shall in all Cases, except Treason, Felony and Breach of the States.
they shall by Law appoint a be on the first Monday in December, unless
they shall be on Oath or Affirmation. When the President of the that Purpose,
they be equally divided. shall have no Vote, unless
they shall be divided as equally as may be into three Classes. The Seats of the
they shall be assembled in Consequence of the first Election, Immediately after
they shall by Law direct. The Number of Years, in such Manner as
Thing in the Constitution or Judges in every State shall be bound thereby, any
Thing but of Marque and Reprisal; coin Money; emit Bills of Credit; make any
things to be seized. persons or
think proper; he shall receive Ambassadors and other public Ministers; he shall
think may by Law vest the Appointment of such inferior Officers, as they
think proper to admit, shall not be prohibited by the Congress prior to shall
third may be third Class at the Expiration of the sixth Year, so that one
third Class at the Expiration of the sixth Year, so that one third may be
thirds vote of both Houses that the President is unable to discharge the two
thirds of the several States, shall call a Convention for Legislatures of two
thirds of both Houses shall deem it necessary, shall The Congress, whenever two
thirds of the Senators present concur; and he shall Treaties, provided two
thirds of the Senate and House of Representatives, according be repassed by two
thirds of that House, it shall likewise be reconsidered, and if approved by two
thirds of that House shall agree to pass the Bill, it such Reconsideration two
thirds of the Members present. convicted without the Concurrence of two
thirty No person shall be a Senator who shall not have attained to the Age of
thirty Thousand, but each State Representatives shall not exceed one for every
thirty-five Years, and been fourteen Years a have attained to the Age of
this article by appropriate 2. The Congress shall have power to enforce
this article by appropriate 2. The Congress shall have power to enforce
this article by appropriate 2. The Congress shall have power to enforce
This article shall be inoperative unless it shall have been ratified as an 2.
this Article becomes operative from holding the office of within which
this Article shall not apply to any person holding the office of President, when
this shall be elected to the office of the President more than once. But
This article shall be inoperative unless it shall have been ratified as an 6.
this article. ratification of
this day of January, of the years in which such terms would have ended if
this article by appropriate legislation. Congress shall have power to enforce
This article shall be inoperative unless it shall have been ratified as an 3.
this article by appropriate legislation.
this article the manufacture, sale, 1. After one year from the ratification of
This amendment shall not be so construed as to affect the election or term of
this article by appropriate 2. The Congress shall have power to enforce
this article. provisions of
this article by appropriate 2. Congress shall have power to enforce
this states, the representation from each state having one vote; a quorum for
this Constitution between the States so ratifying the Same. Establishment of
this Constitution; but no religious Test shall ever be Affirmation, to support
This Constitution, and the Laws of the United States which shall be made in
this Constitution, shall be as valid against the United States under
this All Debts contracted and Engagements entered into, before the Adoption of
this Constitution, when ratified by the Legislatures of Purposes, as part of
this Constitution, or, on the Application of the propose Amendments to
this Union a Republican The United States shall guarantee to every State in
this Constitution shall be so construed as to Prejudice States; and nothing in
this Union; but no new States New States may be admitted by the Congress into
this Constitution, the Laws of the United States, and Treaties made, or which
this Constitution, shall be eligible to the Office the time of the Adoption of
this Purpose shall consist of a Member or Members from two-thirds of the for
this Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by
this Union, according to their respective Numbers, which may be included within
this Constitution for the ourselves and our Posterity, do ordain and establish
Thomas Jenifer, Daniel Carroll Maryland - James McHenry, Daniel of St
Thomas Fitzsimons, Jared Ingersoll, James Wilson, Gouvernour Morris
Thomas Mifflin, Robert Morris, George Clymer, Pennsylvania - Benjamin Franklin,
those appointed by the States, but they shall be considered, for addition to
those voted for as the highest numbers not exceeding three on the list of
those in which a State shall be Party, the supreme Court shall have original
those of another: nor shall Vessels bound to, or from, Ports of one State over
those Present, be entered on the Journal. shall, at the Desire of one fifth of
those bound to Service for a Term of Years, and excluding Indians not including
thousand seven hundred Seventeenth Day of September in the Year of our Lord one
thousand eight hundred and eight shall in any Manner affect the first and
thousand eight hundred and eight, but a tax or duty may be imposed the Year one
Thousand, but each State Representatives shall not exceed one for every thirty
three on the list of those voted for as the highest numbers not exceeding
three fourths three fourths of the several States, or by Conventions in
three fourths of the several States, or by Conventions in three fourths
three days, nor to any other Place than that the other, adjourn for more than
three Classes. The Seats of the they shall be divided as equally as may be into
three Years after the first Meeting The actual Enumeration shall be made within
three fifths of all other Persons. taxed,
three, made, the State of New Hampshire shall be entitled to choose
three-fourths of the amendment to the Constitution by the legislatures of
three-fourths of the amendment to the Constitution by the legislatures of
three. six, Virginia ten, North Carolina five, South Carolina five and Georgia
throughout the which they shall give their Votes; which Day shall be the same
throughout the United States; of Bankruptcies
throughout the United States; uniform
time fixed for President. If a President shall not have been chosen before the
time fixed for the beginning of the term of the President, the 3. If, at the
time in the land or naval forces, or in the Militia, when in actual service in
time of war, but in a manner to be prescribed by consent of the Owner, nor in
time of peace be quartered in any house, without the No Soldier shall, in
time ordain and and in such inferior Courts as the Congress may from time to
time to time ordain and and in such inferior Courts as the Congress may from
Time as he Respect to the Time of Adjournment, he may adjourn them to such
Time of Adjournment, he may adjourn them to such Time as he Respect to the
time give to the Congress Information of the State of the He shall from time to
time to time give to the Congress Information of the State of the He shall from
time of the Adoption of this Constitution, shall be eligible to the Office the
Time of choosing the Electors, and the Day on The Congress may determine the
time of Peace, enter into any Agreement or Compact Troops, or Ships of War in
time to time. Expenditures of all public Money shall be published from
Time for which he was elected, No Senator or Representative shall, during the
time Each House shall keep a Journal of its Proceedings, and from time to
time to time Each House shall keep a Journal of its Proceedings, and from
time by Law make or alter such Regulations, except but the Congress may at any
time. Expenditures of all public Money shall be published from time to
time; and no Person holding any Office under the United States, during such
Times to Authors and Inventors the exclusive Right to their respective Writings
Times, receive for their Offices during good Behavior, and shall, at stated
Times, receive for his Services, a Compensation, The President shall, at stated
Times, Places and Manner of holding Elections for Senators and The
Title of Nobility.
Title of Nobility shall be granted by the United States: And no Person No
Title, of any kind the Congress, accept of any present, Emolument, Office, or
to enforce this article by appropriate 2. The Congress shall have power
to vote shall not be denied or abridged by the United States or by any older,
to discharge powers and duties of his office, the Vice President shall continue
to discharge the two thirds vote of both Houses that the President is unable
to assemble, determines by within twenty one days after Congress is required
to discharge the powers and duties of his office. Thereupon President is unable
to the President pro tempore of the Senate and the transmit within four days
to the President pro tempore of the Thereafter, when the President transmits
to discharge the powers and duties of his office, the Vice President unable
to the President pro tempore of the Senate and the Speaker of provide, transmit
to the contrary, such powers and duties transmits to them a written declaration
to them a written declaration to the contrary, such powers and duties transmits
to discharge the powers and duties of his office, and until he is unable
to the President pro tempore of the Senate 3. Whenever the President transmits
to enforce this article by appropriate 2. The Congress shall have power
to denied or abridged by the United States or any State by reason of failure
to vote in any primary or other 1. The right of citizens of the United States
to enforce this article by appropriate 2. The Congress shall have power
to be electors the purposes of the election of President and Vice President,
to those appointed by the States, but they shall be considered, for addition
to which the District would be entitled if it were Representatives in Congress
to the whole number of Senators and President and Vice President equal
to the States several States within seven years from the date of its submission
to the Constitution by the legislatures of three-fourths of the amendment
to any person holding the office of President, when this Article shall not apply
to the office of the President more than once. But this shall be elected
to which some other person was elected President more than two years of a term
to the office of the President more than twice, 1. No person shall be elected
to the States by the Congress.
to the Constitution by conventions in the several States, as provided amendment
to the Constitution of the United States 1. The eighteenth article of amendment
to the Constitution by the legislatures of three-fourths of the amendment
to declaring who shall then act as President, or the manner in which one who is
to the beginning of his term, or if the President elect shall have failed
to enforce this article by appropriate legislation. Congress shall have power
to vote shall not be denied or The right of citizens of the United States
to the States by the Congress. submission hereof
to the Constitution by the legislatures of the several States, as amendment
to enforce 2. The Congress and the several States shall have concurrent power
to or the exportation thereof from the United States and all territory subject
to affect the election or term of This amendment shall not be so construed as
to make temporary appointments until the people fill the executive thereof
to fill such executive authority of such State shall issue writs of election
to any census or enumeration. without regard
to lay and collect taxes on incomes, from The Congress shall have power
to enforce this article by appropriate 2. The Congress shall have power
to vote shall not be denied or 1. The right of citizens of the United States
to enforce, by appropriate legislation, the 5. The Congress shall have power
to the insurrection or rebellion against the same, or given aid or comfort
to any State legislature, or as an executive or judicial officer of any State,
to the whole proportion which the number of such male citizens shall bear
to any of the male the members of the Legislature thereof, is denied
to vote at any election for the excluding Indians not taxed. But when the right
to 2. Representatives shall be apportioned among the several States according
to any person within its jurisdiction the equal protection of the law; nor deny
to the 1. All persons born or naturalized in the United States, and subject
to enforce this article by appropriate 2. Congress shall have power
to their jurisdiction. States, or any place subject
to constitutionally ineligible to the office of President shall be eligible
to the office of President shall be eligible to constitutionally ineligible
to a choice. But no person majority of the whole number shall be necessary
to a choice. And if the House a majority of all the states shall be necessary
to the President of the seat of the government of the United States, directed
to votes for each, which lists they shall sign and certify, and transmit sealed
to any The Judicial power of the United States shall not be construed to extend
to extend to any The Judicial power of the United States shall not be construed
to prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States respectively, or
to the States respectively, or to prohibited by it to the States, are reserved
to the States, are reserved to the States respectively, or to prohibited by it
to the United States by the Constitution, nor The powers not delegated
to deny or disparage others retained by the people.
to the rules of the common law. according
to have the Assistance of process for obtaining witnesses in his favor, and
to have compulsory accusation; to be confronted with the witnesses against him;
to be confronted with the witnesses against him; to have compulsory accusation;
to be informed of the nature and cause of the ascertained by law, and
to a speedy and In all criminal prosecutions, the accused shall enjoy the right
to be a witness against himself, nor be deprived of life, criminal case
to be twice put in jeopardy of life or limb; nor shall be compelled in any
to answer for a capital, or otherwise infamous crime, No person shall be held
to be seized. persons or things
to be searched, and the affirmation, and particularly describing the place
to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and The right of the people
to be prescribed by consent of the Owner, nor in time of war, but in a manner
to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed. right of the people
to the security of a free State, the A well regulated Militia, being necessary
to petition of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and
to assemble, and to petition of the press; or the right of the people peaceably
to any Office or public Trust under the United required as a Qualification
to support this Constitution; but no religious Test shall ever be Affirmation,
to the Contrary notwithstanding. Laws of any State
to the Year One Congress; Provided that no Amendment which may be made prior
to all Intents and proposing Amendments, which, in either Case, shall be valid
to this Constitution, or, on the Application of the propose Amendments
to every State in this Union a Republican The United States shall guarantee
to Prejudice States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so construed as
to the United Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging
to dispose of and make all needful Rules and The Congress shall have Power
to whom such Service or Labour may be due. of the Party
to Service or Labour in one State, under the Laws thereof, No Person held
to the State having Jurisdiction of the Crime. removed
to be executive Authority of the State from which he fled, be delivered up,
to all Privileges and Immunities The Citizens of each State shall be entitled
to the public Acts, Records, Full Faith and Credit shall be given in each State
to declare the Punishment of Treason, but no The Congress shall have power
to the shall be convicted of Treason unless on the Testimony of two Witnesses
to their Enemies, giving them Aid and Comfort. No Person them, or in adhering
to Law and Fact, with such Exceptions, and have appellate Jurisdiction, both as
to Jurisdiction; to Controversies to which the United States shall be a Party;
to which the United States shall be a Party; to Jurisdiction; to Controversies
to Controversies to which the United States shall be a Party; to Jurisdiction;
to all Cases of admiralty and maritime public Ministers and Consuls;
to all Cases affecting Ambassadors, other shall be made, under their Authority;
to all Cases, in Law and Equity, arising under The judicial Power shall extend
to time ordain and and in such inferior Courts as the Congress may from time
to such Time as he Respect to the Time of Adjournment, he may adjourn them
to the Time of Adjournment, he may adjourn them to such Time as he Respect
to their Consideration such Measures as he shall judge Union, and recommend
to the Congress Information of the State of the He shall from time to time give
to time give to the Congress Information of the State of the He shall from time
to fill up all Vacancies that may happen during The President shall have Power
to make He shall have Power, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Senate,
to relating to the Duties of their respective Offices, and he shall have Power
to the Duties of their respective Offices, and he shall have Power to relating
to the best of my Ability, preserve, President of the United States, and will
to discharge the Powers and Duties of the said Resignation, or Inability
to the Age of thirty-five Years, and been fourteen Years a have attained
to that Office who shall not of President; neither shall any Person be eligible
to the Office the time of the Adoption of this Constitution, shall be eligible
to a Choice. In States, and a Majority of all the States shall be necessary
to transmit sealed to the Seat of the Government of the United States, directed
to the Seat of the Government of the United States, directed to transmit sealed
to which the State may be entitled in the Congress: but no Senator or
to the whole Number of Senators and Representatives a Number of Electors, equal
to the Revision and Control United States; and all such Laws shall be subject
to time. Expenditures of all public Money shall be published from time
to enter, clear, or pay Duties in another. one State, be obliged
to the No Preference shall be given by any Regulation of Commerce or Revenue
to be taken. Census or Enumeration herein before directed
to the No capitation, or other direct, Tax shall be laid, unless in Proportion
to shall think proper to admit, shall not be prohibited by the Congress prior
to admit, shall not be prohibited by the Congress prior to shall think proper
To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into
to exercise like Authority over all Places purchased by the Consent States, and
To exercise exclusive Legislation in all Cases whatsoever, over such District
to the discipline and the Authority of training the Militia according
to the States respectively, the Appointment of the Officers, States, reserving
To provide for organizing, arming, and disciplining, the Militia, and for
to execute the Laws of the Union, To provide for calling forth the Militia
To provide for calling forth the Militia to execute the Laws of the Union,
To make Rules for the Government and Regulation of the land and naval Forces;
To provide and maintain a Navy;
to that Use shall be To raise and support Armies, but no Appropriation of Money
To raise and support Armies, but no Appropriation of Money to that Use shall be
To declare War, grant Letters of Marque and Reprisal, and make Rules concerning
To define and punish Piracies and Felonies committed on the high Seas, and
to the supreme Court; To constitute Tribunals inferior
To constitute Tribunals inferior to the supreme Court;
to their respective Writings Times to Authors and Inventors the exclusive Right
to Authors and Inventors the exclusive Right to their respective Writings Times
To promote the Progress of Science and useful Arts, by securing for limited
To establish Post Offices and Post Roads;
To provide for the Punishment of counterfeiting the Securities and current Coin
To coin Money, regulate the Value thereof, and of foreign Coin, and fix the
To establish an uniform Rule of Naturalization, and uniform Laws on the subject
To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and
To borrow money on the credit of the United States;
to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Excises,
To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and The Congress shall have Power
to the Rules and Limitations prescribed in the Case of a Bill.
to the President of the United States; and before the Same shall be presented
to which the Concurrence of the Senate and Every Order, Resolution, or Vote
to him, the Same shall be a Law, excepted) after it shall have been presented
to the other House, by which it shall be sent, together with the Objections,
to pass the Bill, it such Reconsideration two thirds of that House shall agree
to reconsider it. If after Objections at large on their Journal, and proceed
to that House in which it shall have originated, who shall enter the Objections
to the President of the United shall, before it become a Law, be presented
to any civil Office under the Authority of the United States which be appointed
to and returning from the same; and for their respective Houses, and in going
to be ascertained by Law, and paid out of the Treasury of the United Services,
to any other Place than that the other, adjourn for more than three days, nor
to time Each House shall keep a Journal of its Proceedings, and from time
to compel the Attendance of absent Members, in such Manner, and authorized
to day, and may be Business; but a smaller number may adjourn from day
to do its own Members, and a Majority of each shall constitute a Quorum
to the Place of Choosing Senators. as
to liable and subject to Indictment, Trial, Judgment and Punishment, according
to Indictment, Trial, Judgment and Punishment, according to liable and subject
to hold and enjoy any Office of honor, Trust or Office, and disqualification
to removal from Judgment in Cases of Impeachment shall not extend further than
to try all Impeachments. When sitting for The Senate shall have the sole Power
to the Age of thirty No person shall be a Senator who shall not have attained
to fill such Vacancies. Authority thereof shall issue Writs of Election
to choose three, made, the State of New Hampshire shall be entitled
to Service for a Term of Years, and excluding Indians not including those bound
to the whole Number of free Persons, which shall be determined by adding
to their respective Numbers, which may be included within this Union, according
to the Age of No Person shall be a Representative who shall not have attained
to defence, promote the general Welfare, and secure the Blessings of Liberty
to form a more perfect Union, We the People of the United States, in Order
to, or from, Ports of one State over those of another: nor shall Vessels bound
together America. He shall hold his Office during the Term of four Years, and,
together with the Objections, to the other House, by which it shall be sent,
Tonnage, keep No State shall, without the Consent of Congress, lay any duty of
training the Militia according to the discipline and the Authority of
Tranquility, provide for the common establish Justice, insure domestic
transmit within four days to the President pro tempore of the Senate and the
transmit to the President pro tempore of the Senate and the Speaker of provide,
transmit sealed to votes for each, which lists they shall sign and certify, and
transmit sealed to the Seat of the Government of the United States, directed to
transmits to the President pro tempore of the Thereafter, when the President
transmits to them a written declaration to the contrary, such powers and duties
transmits to the President pro tempore of the Senate 3. Whenever the President
transportation or importation into any State, Territory, or possession 2. The
transportation of intoxicating liquors within, the importation thereof into, or
Treason shall work Corruption of Blood, or Forfeiture except Attainder of
Treason unless on the Testimony of two Witnesses to the shall be convicted of
Treason against the United States, shall consist only in levying War against
Treason, Felony, or other Crime, who shall A Person charged in any State with
Treason, but no The Congress shall have power to declare the Punishment of
Treason, shall be removed from Office on Impeachment for, and Conviction of,
Treason, Felony and Breach of the States. They shall in all Cases, except
Treasury of the any State on Imports or Exports, shall be for the Use of the
Treasury of the United Services, to be ascertained by Law, and paid out of the
Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations No Money shall be drawn from the
Treaties made, or which shall be made, under the Pursuance thereof; and all
Treaties made, or which this Constitution, the Laws of the United States, and
Treaties, provided two thirds of the Senators present concur; and he shall
Treaty, Alliance, or Confederation; grant Letters No State shall enter into any
trial by jury shall be preserved, and no fact tried by a dollars, the right of
Trial shall be at such committed; but when not committed within any State, the
Trial shall be held in the State where the said Crimes shall have been such
Trial of all Crimes, except in Cases of Impeachment, shall be by Jury; and The
trial, by an impartial jury of the State and district wherein the crime public
Trial, Judgment and Punishment, according to liable and subject to Indictment,
Tribes; with the Indian
Tribunals inferior to the supreme Court; To constitute
tried by a dollars, the right of trial by jury shall be preserved, and no fact
tried, the Chief Justice shall preside: And no Person shall be United States is
Troops, or Ships of War in time of Peace, enter into any Agreement or Compact
Trust under the United required as a Qualification to any Office or public
Trust or Profit under the United Representative, or Person holding an Office of
Trust under them, shall, without the Consent of holding any Office of Profit or
Trust or Office, and disqualification to hold and enjoy any Office of honor,
try all Impeachments. When sitting for The Senate shall have the sole Power to
twelfth article of amendment. duties as provided by the
Twelfth. In Witness whereof We have hereunto subscribed our Names.
twenty one days after Congress is required to assemble, determines by within
twenty one days after purpose if not in session. If the Congress, within
twenty In Suits at common law, where the value in controversy shall exceed
twenty five Years, and been seven Years a Citizen of the United States, and who
twenty-one years of age in such State. number of male citizens
twenty-one years of age, and citizens of the inhabitants of such State, being
twice put in jeopardy of life or limb; nor shall be compelled in any to be
twice, 1. No person shall be elected to the office of the President more than
two thirds vote of both Houses that the President is unable to discharge the
two years of a term to which some other person was elected President more than
two Senators from each The Senate of the United States shall be composed of
two highest numbers appointed, and if no person have a majority, then from the
two thirds of the several States, shall call a Convention for Legislatures of
two thirds of both Houses shall deem it necessary, shall The Congress, whenever
two or more States, or parts of States, State be formed by the Junction of
two Witnesses to the shall be convicted of Treason unless on the Testimony of
two or more States; between a State and Citizens of Controversies between
two thirds of the Senators present concur; and he shall Treaties, provided
two or more who have equal Votes, the Senate shall choose from should remain
two The Electors shall meet in their respective States, and vote by Ballot for
two Years; for a longer Term than
two thirds of the Senate and House of Representatives, according be repassed by
two thirds of that House, it shall likewise be reconsidered, and if approved by
two thirds of that House shall agree to pass the Bill, it such Reconsideration
two Houses shall be sitting. in which the
two thirds of the Members present. convicted without the Concurrence of
two Senators from each The Senate of the United States shall be composed of
two-thirds of each House, remove enemies thereof. But Congress may by a vote of
two-thirds of the whole number of Senators, and a purpose shall consist of
two-thirds of the states, and purpose shall consist of a member or members from
two-thirds of the for this Purpose shall consist of a Member or Members from
two-thirds, expel a Member. disorderly Behavior, and, with the Concurrence of
unable to discharge the two thirds vote of both Houses that the President is
unable to discharge the powers and duties of his office. Thereupon President is
unable to discharge the powers and duties of his office, the Vice President
unable to discharge the powers and duties of his office, and until he is
Unanimous Consent of the States present the Done in Convention by the
under any State, who, having previously taken an oath, as a United States, or
under the President and Vice-President, or hold any office, civil or military,
under the United required as a Qualification to any Office or public Trust
under the Pursuance thereof; and all Treaties made, or which shall be made,
under the Confederation. Constitution, as
under this Constitution, shall be as valid against the United States
under the Laws thereof, No Person held to Service or Labour in one State,
under such Regulations as the Congress shall make.
under Grants of different States, and between a same State claiming Lands
under their Authority; to all Cases affecting Ambassadors, other shall be made,
under The judicial Power shall extend to all Cases, in Law and Equity, arising
under the United Representative, or Person holding an Office of Trust or Profit
under them, shall, without the Consent of holding any Office of Profit or Trust
under the United States, during such time; and no Person holding any Office
under the Authority of the United States which be appointed to any civil Office
under such Penalties as each House may provide.
under the United States: but the Party convicted shall nevertheless be Profit
uniform Laws on the subject To establish an uniform Rule of Naturalization, and
uniform Rule of Naturalization, and uniform Laws on the subject To establish an
uniform throughout the United States;
Union a Republican The United States shall guarantee to every State in this
Union, and recommend to their Consideration such Measures as he shall judge
Union, To provide for calling forth the Militia to execute the Laws of the
Union, according to their respective Numbers, which may be included within this
Union, We the People of the United States, in Order to form a more perfect
Union; but no new States New States may be admitted by the Congress into this
United States or by any older, to vote shall not be denied or abridged by the
United States, who are eighteen years of age or 1. The right of citizens of the
United States or any State by reason of failure to denied or abridged by the
United States to vote in any primary or other 1. The right of citizens of the
United States shall 1. The District constituting the seat of Government of the
United States for delivery or use therein of intoxicating liquors, in of the
United States 1. The eighteenth article of amendment to the Constitution of the
United States or by any State on account of sex. abridged by the
United States to vote shall not be denied or The right of citizens of the
United States and all territory subject to or the exportation thereof from the
United States shall be composed of two Senators from each The Senate of the
United States or by any State on account of race, color, or abridged by the
United States to vote shall not be denied or 1. The right of citizens of the
United States, or any claim for in aid of insurrection or rebellion against the
United States nor any State shall assume or pay any debt or obligation incurred
United States, authorized by law, 4. The validity of the public debt of the
United States, shall have engaged in support the Constitution of the
United States, or as a member of member of Congress, or as an officer of the
United States, or under any State, who, having previously taken an oath, as a
United States, or in any way abridged, except for participation in rebellion,
United States, choice of electors for President and Vice-President of the
United States; nor shall any the privileges or immunities of citizens of the
United States and of the State jurisdiction thereof, are citizens of the
United States, and subject to the 1. All persons born or naturalized in the
United whereof the party shall have been duly convicted, shall exist within the
United States. that of Vice-President of the
United States, directed to the President of the seat of the government of the
United States suit in law or equity, commenced or prosecuted against one of the
United States shall not be construed to extend to any The Judicial power of the
United States by the Constitution, nor The powers not delegated to the
United States, than jury, shall be otherwise re-examined in any Court of the
United States of America the and Eighty seven and of the Independence of the
United required as a Qualification to any Office or public Trust under the
United States and of the several States, shall be bound by Oath or the
United States, shall be the supreme Law of the Land; and the Authority of the
United States which shall be made in This Constitution, and the Laws of the
United States under this Constitution, shall be as valid against the
United States shall guarantee to every State in this Union a Republican The
United States, or of any particular State. any Claims of the
United Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to the
United States, shall consist only in levying War against Treason against the
United States shall be a Party; to Jurisdiction; to Controversies to which the
United States, and Treaties made, or which this Constitution, the Laws of the
United States, shall be vested in one supreme Court, The judicial Power of the
United States, The President, Vice President and all civil Officers of the
United States. the Officers of the
United States, whose Appointments are not herein and all other Officers of the
United States, except in Grant Reprieves and Pardons for Offenses against the
United States; he may require the Opinion, in writing, of the Service of the
United The President shall be Commander in Chief of the Army and Navy of the
United States." protect and defend the Constitution of the
United States, and will to the best of my Ability, preserve, President of the
United States, or any of them. Emolument from the
United States. Resident within the
United States, at No person except a natural born Citizen, or a Citizen of the
United States.
United States, directed to transmit sealed to the Seat of the Government of the
United Representative, or Person holding an Office of Trust or Profit under the
United States of The executive Power shall be vested in a President of the
United States; and all such Laws shall be subject to the Revision and Control
United States: And no Person No Title of Nobility shall be granted by the
United States, or in any Department or Constitution in the Government of the
United the acceptance of Congress, become the Seat of the Government of the
United governing such Part of them as may be employed in the Service of the
United States; of the
United States; of Bankruptcies throughout the
United States; To borrow money on the credit of the
United States; uniform throughout the
United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be Welfare of the
United States; and before the Same shall be presented to the President of the
United shall, before it become a Law, be presented to the President of the
United States, during such time; and no Person holding any Office under the
United States which be appointed to any civil Office under the Authority of the
United Services, to be ascertained by Law, and paid out of the Treasury of the
United States: but the Party convicted shall nevertheless be Profit under the
United States is tried, the Chief Justice shall preside: And no Person shall be
United States. President of the
United States shall be President of the Senate, but The Vice President of the
United States, and who shall not, Years, and been nine Years a Citizen of the
United States shall be composed of two Senators from each The Senate of the
United States, and within every subsequent Term of ten of the Congress of the
United States, and who twenty five Years, and been seven Years a Citizen of the
United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives.
United States of America.
United States, in Order to form a more perfect Union, We the People of the
unless the Vice President and a majority of either the principal officers of
unless it shall have been ratified as an 2. This article shall be inoperative
unless it shall have been ratified as an 3. The article shall be inoperative
unless it shall have been ratified as an 6. This article shall be inoperative
unless they shall by law appoint shall begin at noon on the 3d day of January,
unless it shall have been ratified as an 3. This article shall be inoperative
unless on a presentment or indictment of a Grand Jury, except in cases arising
unless on the Testimony of two Witnesses to the shall be convicted of Treason
unless actually with another State, or with a foreign Power, or engage in War,
unless in Proportion to the No capitation, or other direct, Tax shall be laid,
unless when The privilege of the Writ of Habeas Corpus shall not be suspended,
unless the Congress by their Adjournment in like Manner as if he had signed it,
unless they shall by Law appoint a be on the first Monday in December,
unless they be equally divided. shall have no Vote,
unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not be violated, and effects, against
until an election of Representatives shall Representatives, shall take effect,
until he is unable to discharge the powers and duties of his office, and
until a President act shall be selected, and such person shall act accordingly
until a President qualify, then the Vice President elect shall act as President
until the people fill the executive thereof to make temporary appointments
until the Disability be President, and such Officer shall act accordingly,
until the next Meeting of the Legislature, which make temporary Appointments
until such enumeration shall be shall have at Least one Representative; and
unusual punishments inflicted. and
up on Claim be discharged from such Service or Labour, But shall be delivered
up all Vacancies that may happen during The President shall have Power to fill
up, to be executive Authority of the State from which he fled, be delivered
upon President shall nominate a Vice President who shall take office
upon them. whenever the right of choice shall have devolved
upon them, and for the case of the the right of choice shall have devolved
upon them, before the fourth day of March next following, then shall devolve
upon probable cause, supported by Oath or no Warrants shall issue, but
upon any subject principal Officer in each of the executive Departments,
use therein of intoxicating liquors, in of the United States for delivery or
Use of the Treasury of the any State on Imports or Exports, shall be for the
Use shall be To raise and support Armies, but no Appropriation of Money to that
use, without just compensation. taken for public
useful Arts, by securing for limited To promote the Progress of Science and
vacancies by election as the legislature may direct.
vacancies happen in the representation of any State in the Senate, the When
Vacancies that may happen during The President shall have Power to fill up all
Vacancies happen by Resignation, or otherwise, chosen every second Year; and if
vacancies happen in the Representation from any State, the Executive When
Vacancies. shall then fill such
Vacancies. Authority thereof shall issue Writs of Election to fill such
vacancies: Provided, That the legislature of any State may empower the
vacancy in the office of the Vice President, the 2. Whenever there is a
vacated at the Expiration of the second Senators of the first Class shall be
valid as part of the Constitution. any Senator chosen before it becomes
valid against the United States under this Constitution, shall be as
valid to all Intents and proposing Amendments, which, in either Case, shall be
validity of the public debt of the United States, authorized by law, 4. The
value in controversy shall exceed twenty In Suits at common law, where the
Value thereof, and of foreign Coin, and fix the To coin Money, regulate the
varying the compensation for the services of the Senators and No law,
Vessels bound to, or from, Ports of one State over those of another: nor shall
vest the Appointment of such inferior Officers, as they think may by Law
vested in one supreme Court, The judicial Power of the United States, shall be
vested in a President of the United States of The executive Power shall be
vested by this Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers
vested in a Congress of the All legislative Powers herein granted shall be
Vice President shall continue to discharge powers and duties of his office, the
Vice President and a majority of either the principal officers of unless the
Vice President unable to discharge the powers and duties of his office, the
Vice President and a majority of either the principal officers 4. Whenever the
Vice President as Acting President. shall be discharged by the
Vice President who shall take office upon President shall nominate a
Vice President, the 2. Whenever there is a vacancy in the office of the
Vice President shall become President. resignation, the
Vice President, or for Senator or Representative in Congress, shall not be
Vice President, for electors for President or election for President or
Vice President, to be electors the purposes of the election of President and
Vice President equal to the whole number of Senators and President and
Vice President death of any of the persons from whom the Senate may choose a
Vice President shall have qualified. or
Vice President elect shall have qualified, neither a President elect nor a
Vice President elect shall act as President until a President qualify, then the
Vice President elect shall become President elect shall have died, the
Vice President shall end at noon on the 20th 1. The terms of the President and
Vice President and all civil Officers of the United States, The President,
Vice President, declaring what Officer shall then act as the President and
Vice President, and the Congress may by Office, the same shall devolve on the
Vice President. But if there Number of Votes of the Electors shall be the
Vice President, or when he shall exercise the Office of in the absence of the
Vice President of the United States shall be President of the Senate, but The
Vice-President of the United States, choice of electors for President and
Vice-President of the United States. that of
Vice-President shall act as President, as in the case of the death or other the
Vice-President and of the number of President, and of all persons voted for as
Vice-President chosen for the same Term, be elected, as follows: with the
Vice-President, or hold any office, civil or military, under the President and
Vice-President, if such number be a majority of the whole number of Electors
Vice-President, shall be the The person having the greatest number of votes as
Vice-President, and they shall make distinct lists of all persons voted for as
Vice-President, one of whom, at least, shall not be an inhabitant President and
Vice-President. them by Ballot the
Vice-President; a quorum for the on the list, the Senate shall choose the
violated, and effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not be
violation of the laws thereof, is hereby prohibited.
Violence. cannot be convened) against domestic
Virginia - John Blair, James Madison Jr.
Virginia George Washington - President and deputy from
Virginia ten, North Carolina five, South Carolina five and Georgia three. six,
void. claims shall be held illegal and
vote shall not be denied or abridged by the United States or by any older, to
vote of both Houses that the President is unable to discharge the two thirds
vote of both Houses of Congress. confirmation by a majority
vote in any primary or other 1. The right of citizens of the United States to
vote shall not be denied or The right of citizens of the United States to
vote shall not be denied or 1. The right of citizens of the United States to
vote of two-thirds of each House, remove enemies thereof. But Congress may by a
vote at any election for the excluding Indians not taxed. But when the right to
vote by ballot for The Electors shall meet in their respective states, and
vote by Ballot for two The Electors shall meet in their respective States, and
Vote to which the Concurrence of the Senate and Every Order, Resolution, or
Vote, unless they be equally divided. shall have no
vote. The electors in each State shall have the qualifications have one
Vote. have one
vote; a quorum for this states, the representation from each state having one
Vote; a quorum taken by States, the Representation from each State having one
voted for as the highest numbers not exceeding three on the list of those
voted for as Vice-President and of the number of President, and of all persons
voted for as Vice-President, and they shall make distinct lists of all persons
voted for as voted for as President, and in distinct ballots the person
voted for as President, and in distinct ballots the person voted for as
voted for, and with themselves. And they shall make a List of all the Persons
votes as Vice-President, shall be the The person having the greatest number of
votes shall be taken by the President. But in choosing the President, the
votes for President, shall be the The person having the greatest Number of
votes shall then be counted; Representatives, open all the certificates and the
votes for each, which lists they shall sign and certify, and transmit sealed to
Votes of the Electors shall be the Vice President. But if there Number of
Votes shall be Manner choose the President. But in choosing the President, the
Votes Votes shall then be counted. The Person having the greatest Number of
Votes shall then be counted. The Person having the greatest Number of Votes
Votes for each; which List they shall sign and certify, and of the Number of
Votes of both Houses shall be shall become a Law. But in all such Cases the
Votes, the Senate shall choose from should remain two or more who have equal
Votes, then the House of Representatives shall have an equal Number of
Votes; which Day shall be the same throughout the which they shall give their
voting for and determined by Yeas and Nays, and the Names of the Persons
War or public danger; nor shall any person be subject for the same offense of
War against Treason against the United States, shall consist only in levying
War in time of Peace, enter into any Agreement or Compact Troops, or Ships of
war, but in a manner to be prescribed by consent of the Owner, nor in time of
War, unless actually with another State, or with a foreign Power, or engage in
War, grant Letters of Marque and Reprisal, and make Rules concerning To declare
Warrants shall issue, but upon probable cause, supported by Oath or no
was proposed by the Congress, and shall not prevent any person who may Article
was elected President more than two years of a term to which some other person
was elected, No Senator or Representative shall, during the Time for which he
Washington - President and deputy from Virginia George
Water; Captures on Land and
way abridged, except for participation in rebellion, United States, or in any
We have hereunto subscribed our Names. Twelfth. In Witness whereof
We the People of the United States, in Order to form a more perfect Union,
Weights and Measures; Standard of
Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be
Welfare, and secure the Blessings of Liberty to defence, promote the general
well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the A
well as of without the Consent of the Legislatures of the States concerned as
were Representatives in Congress to which the District would be entitled if it
what Officer shall then act as the President and Vice President, declaring
what may be absolutely necessary for executing on Imports or Exports, except
whatever source derived, without apportionment among the several States, and
whatever, from any King, Prince or foreign State.
whatsoever, over such District To exercise exclusive Legislation in all Cases
when the President transmits to the President pro tempore of the Thereafter,
when this Article shall not apply to any person holding the office of President,
When vacancies happen in the representation of any State in the Senate, the
when the right to vote at any election for the excluding Indians not taxed. But
when in actual service in time in the land or naval forces, or in the Militia,
when ratified by the Legislatures of Purposes, as part of this Constitution,
when not committed within any State, the Trial shall be at such committed; but
when called into the actual States, and of the Militia of the several States,
when The privilege of the Writ of Habeas Corpus shall not be suspended, unless
When the President of the that Purpose, they shall be on Oath or Affirmation.
When sitting for The Senate shall have the sole Power to try all Impeachments.
when he shall exercise the Office of in the absence of the Vice President, or
when elected, be an Inhabitant of that State for which he shall be chosen.
When vacancies happen in the Representation from any State, the Executive
when elected, be an Inhabitant of that State in which he shall be shall not,
Whenever the Vice President and a majority of either the principal officers 4.
Whenever the President transmits to the President pro tempore of the Senate 3.
Whenever there is a vacancy in the office of the Vice President, the 2.
whenever the right of choice shall have devolved upon them.
whenever persons from whom the House of Representatives may choose a President
whenever the right of choice of Representatives shall not choose a President
whenever two thirds of both Houses shall deem it necessary, shall The Congress,
where the value in controversy shall exceed twenty In Suits at common law,
where the said Crimes shall have been such Trial shall be held in the State
wherein shall have qualified; and the Congress may by law provide for the case
wherein they reside. No State shall make or enforce any law which shall abridge
wherein the crime public trial, by an impartial jury of the State and district
whereof the party shall have been duly convicted, shall exist within the United
whereof We have hereunto subscribed our Names. Twelfth. In Witness
whereof shall have been increased shall have been created, or the Emoluments
which the District would be entitled if it were Representatives in Congress to
which this Article becomes operative from holding the office of within
which some other person was elected President more than two years of a term to
which one who is to declaring who shall then act as President, or the manner in
which such terms would have ended if this day of January, of the years in
which the number of such male citizens shall bear to the whole proportion
which shall abridge wherein they reside. No State shall make or enforce any law
which lists they shall sign and certify, and transmit sealed to votes for each,
which district shall have been previously shall have been committed,
which shall be made, under the Pursuance thereof; and all Treaties made, or
which shall be made in This Constitution, and the Laws of the United States
which may be made prior to the Year One Congress; Provided that no Amendment
which he fled, be delivered up, to be executive Authority of the State from
which such Acts, Records and Proceedings shall be Laws prescribe the Manner in
which a State shall be Party, the supreme Court shall have original those in
which the United States shall be a Party; to Jurisdiction; to Controversies to
which this Constitution, the Laws of the United States, and Treaties made, or
which shall not be diminished during their their Services a Compensation
which shall expire at the End the Recess of the Senate, by granting Commissions
which shall be established by Law: but the Congress otherwise provided for, and
which he which shall neither be increased nor diminished during the Period for
which shall neither be increased nor diminished during the Period for which he
which Day shall be the same throughout the which they shall give their Votes;
which they shall give their Votes; which Day shall be the same throughout the
which List they shall sign and certify, and of the Number of Votes for each;
which the State may be entitled in the Congress: but no Senator or to
which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into To make all Laws
which the Same shall be, for the Erection of of the Legislature of the State in
which the Concurrence of the Senate and Every Order, Resolution, or Vote to
which Case it shall not be a Law. prevent its Return, in
which it shall be sent, together with the Objections, to the other House, by
which it shall have originated, who shall enter the Objections to that House in
which shall have passed the House of Representatives and the Senate, Every Bill
which be appointed to any civil Office under the Authority of the United States
which he was elected, No Senator or Representative shall, during the Time for
which the two Houses shall be sitting. in
which he shall be chosen. when elected, be an Inhabitant of that State for
which make temporary Appointments until the next Meeting of the Legislature,
which shall be determined by adding to the whole Number of free Persons,
which may be included within this Union, according to their respective Numbers,
which he shall be shall not, when elected, be an Inhabitant of that State in
which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives. United States,
which, in either Case, shall be valid to all Intents and proposing Amendments,
who are eighteen years of age or 1. The right of citizens of the United States,
who shall take office upon President shall nominate a Vice President
who may Article was proposed by the Congress, and shall not prevent any person
who has held the office of President, or acted as President, for and no person
who is to declaring who shall then act as President, or the manner in which one
who shall then act as President, or the manner in which one who is to declaring
who shall A Person charged in any State with Treason, Felony, or other Crime,
who shall not of President; neither shall any Person be eligible to that Office
who have equal Votes, the Senate shall choose from should remain two or more
who have such Majority, and Electors appointed; and if there be more than one
who shall enter the Objections to that House in which it shall have originated,
who shall not, Years, and been nine Years a Citizen of the United States, and
who shall not have attained to the Age of thirty No person shall be a Senator
who twenty five Years, and been seven Years a Citizen of the United States, and
who shall not have attained to the Age of No Person shall be a Representative
who, having previously taken an oath, as a United States, or under any State,
whole number of Senators and President and Vice President equal to the
whole proportion which the number of such male citizens shall bear to the
whole number of persons in each State, their respective numbers, counting the
whole number shall be necessary to a choice. But no person majority of the
whole number of Senators, and a purpose shall consist of two-thirds of the
whole number of Electors Vice-President, if such number be a majority of the
whole number of Electors President, if such number be a majority of the
whole Number of shall be the President, if such Number be a Majority of the
whole Number of Senators and Representatives a Number of Electors, equal to the
whole Number of free Persons, which shall be determined by adding to the
whom the Senate may choose a Vice President death of any of the persons from
whom the House of Representatives may choose a President whenever persons from
whom such Service or Labour may be due. of the Party to
whom one at least shall not lie an Inhabitant of the same State persons, of
whom, at least, shall not be an inhabitant President and Vice-President, one of
whose Appointments are not herein and all other Officers of the United States,
will to the best of my Ability, preserve, President of the United States, and
will faithfully execute the Office of "I do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I
will not admit of delay. invaded, or in such imminent Danger as
William Jackson, Secretary Attest:
William Few, Abraham Baldwin Georgia -
William Blount, Richard Dobbs Spaight, Hugh Williamson North Carolina -
William Paterson, Jonathan New Jersey - William Livingston, David Brearley,
William Livingston, David Brearley, William Paterson, Jonathan New Jersey -
William Samuel Johnson, Roger Sherman Connecticut -
Williamson North Carolina - William Blount, Richard Dobbs Spaight, Hugh
Wilson, Gouvernour Morris Thomas Fitzsimons, Jared Ingersoll, James
with themselves; they shall name in their ballots the person of the same state
with the witnesses against him; to have compulsory accusation; to be confronted
with Treason, Felony, or other Crime, who shall A Person charged in any State
with such Exceptions, and have appellate Jurisdiction, both as to Law and Fact,
with Houses, or either of them, and in Case of Disagreement between them,
with the Advice and Consent of the Senate, shall appoint nominate, and by and
with the Advice and Consent of the Senate, to make He shall have Power, by and
with themselves. And they shall make a List of all the Persons voted for, and
with the Vice-President chosen for the same Term, be elected, as follows:
with a foreign Power, or engage in War, unless actually with another State, or
with another State, or with a foreign Power, or engage in War, unless actually
with the Indian Tribes;
with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and To regulate Commerce
with the Objections, to the other House, by which it shall be sent, together
with his States; If he approve he shall sign it, but if not he shall return it,
with Amendments as on other Bills. but the Senate may propose or concur
with the Concurrence of two-thirds, expel a Member. disorderly Behavior, and,
within twenty one days after Congress is required to assemble, determines by
within twenty one days after purpose if not in session. If the Congress,
within forty eight hours for that Congress shall decide the issue, assembling
within four days to the President pro tempore of the Senate and the transmit
within seven years from the date of its submission to the States several States
within which this Article becomes operative from holding the office of
within seven years from the date of the submission hereof in the Constitution,
within seven years from the date of its submission. several States
within seven years from the date of the provided in the Constitution,
within its jurisdiction the equal protection of the law; nor deny to any person
within the United whereof the party shall have been duly convicted, shall exist
within the Jurisdiction of any other State; nor any shall be formed or erected
within any State, the Trial shall be at such committed; but when not committed
within that Period any other shall have been elected, and he shall not receive
within the United States. Resident
within ten Days (Sundays any Bill shall not be returned by the President
within every subsequent Term of ten of the Congress of the United States, and
within three Years after the first Meeting The actual Enumeration shall be made
within this Union, according to their respective Numbers, which may be included
within, the importation thereof into, or transportation of intoxicating liquors
without regard to any census or enumeration.
without apportionment among the several States, and whatever source derived,
without due process of State deprive any person of life, liberty, or property,
without just compensation. taken for public use,
without due process of law; nor shall private property be liberty, or property,
without the No Soldier shall, in time of peace be quartered in any house,
without its Consent, shall be deprived of its equal Suffrage in the Senate.
without the Consent of the Legislatures of the States concerned as well as of
without the Consent of Congress, lay any duty of Tonnage, keep No State shall,
without the Consent of the Congress, lay any Imposts or Duties No State shall,
without the Consent of holding any Office of Profit or Trust under them, shall,
without the Consent of Neither House, during the Session of Congress, shall,
without the Concurrence of two thirds of the Members present. convicted
witness against himself, nor be deprived of life, criminal case to be a
Witness whereof We have hereunto subscribed our Names. Twelfth. In
witnesses in his favor, and to have the Assistance of process for obtaining
witnesses against him; to have compulsory accusation; to be confronted with the
Witnesses to the shall be convicted of Treason unless on the Testimony of two
work Corruption of Blood, or Forfeiture except Attainder of Treason shall
would be entitled if it were Representatives in Congress to which the District
would have ended if this day of January, of the years in which such terms
Writ of Habeas Corpus shall not be suspended, unless when The privilege of the
writing, of the Service of the United States; he may require the Opinion, in
Writings Times to Authors and Inventors the exclusive Right to their respective
writs of election to fill such executive authority of such State shall issue
Writs of Election to fill such Vacancies. Authority thereof shall issue
written declaration, or, if Congress is not in session, receipt of the latter
written declaration that the Speaker of the House of Representatives their
written declaration Senate and the Speaker of the House of Representatives his
written declaration that the President is the House of Representatives their
written declaration to the contrary, such powers and duties transmits to them a
written declaration that he and the Speaker of the House of Representatives his
year from the ratification of this article the manufacture, sale, 1. After one
Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred Seventeenth Day of September in the
Year One Congress; Provided that no Amendment which may be made prior to the
Year one thousand eight hundred and eight, but a tax or duty may be imposed the
Year by the People of the several States, and the Electors in each State shall
year, and such meeting 2. The Congress shall assemble at least once in every
Year, and such Meeting shall The Congress shall assemble at least once in every
Year, so that one third may be third Class at the Expiration of the sixth
Year, and of the Year, of the second Class at the Expiration of the fourth
Year, of the second Class at the Expiration of the fourth Year, and of the
Year; and if Vacancies happen by Resignation, or otherwise, chosen every second
years of age or 1. The right of citizens of the United States, who are eighteen
years from the date of its submission to the States several States within seven
years of a term to which some other person was elected President more than two
years from the date of the submission hereof in the Constitution, within seven
years from the date of its submission. several States within seven
years in which such terms would have ended if this day of January, of the
years from the date of the provided in the Constitution, within seven
years of age in such State. number of male citizens twenty-one
years of age, and citizens of the inhabitants of such State, being twenty-one
Years a have attained to the Age of thirty-five Years, and been fourteen
Years a Citizen of the United States, and who shall not, Years, and been nine
Years after the first Meeting The actual Enumeration shall be made within three
Years a Citizen of the United States, and who twenty five Years, and been seven
Years, and been fourteen Years a have attained to the Age of thirty-five
Years, and, together America. He shall hold his Office during the Term of four
Years, and been nine Years a Citizen of the United States, and who shall not,
Years, in such Manner as they shall by Law direct. The Number of
Years, and excluding Indians not including those bound to Service for a Term of
Years, and been seven Years a Citizen of the United States, and who twenty five
years; and each Senator shall State, elected by the people thereof, for six
Years; for a longer Term than two
Years; and each Senator shall State, chosen by the Legislature thereof, for six
Yeas and Nays, and the Names of the Persons voting for and determined by
Yeas and Nays of the Members of either House on any question Secrecy; and the
York - Alexander Hamilton New
York six, New Jersey four, Pennsylvania eight, Delaware one, Maryland five, New
